android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$1
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$2
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$3
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl$4
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost: void setOnTabChangedListener(android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener)
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.ListFragment$1
android.support.v4.content.AsyncTaskLoader$LoadTask
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$3
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status[] values()
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getTabIndicatorColor()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: boolean getDrawFullUnderline()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getTextSpacing()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: ViewPager(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: ViewPager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnAdapterChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getClientWidth()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setCurrentItem(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getCurrentItem()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMargin(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getPageMargin()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$3
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setScrimColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerListener(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerLockMode(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$ViewDragCallback$1
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setParallaxDistance(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getParallaxDistance()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setSliderFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getSliderFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setCoveredFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getCoveredFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setPanelSlideListener(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResource(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$DisableLayerRunnable
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.ViewDragHelper$2
com.aviary.android.feather.AviaryMainController
com.aviary.android.feather.AviaryMainController$6
com.aviary.android.feather.AviaryMainController$ExternalPluginTaskCompletedRunnable
com.aviary.android.feather.AviaryMainController$PluginHandler
com.aviary.android.feather.AviaryMainController$PluginHandler: AviaryMainController$PluginHandler(com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.IAviaryController)
com.aviary.android.feather.AviaryMainController$PluginTaskCompletedRunnable
com.aviary.android.feather.AviaryMainController$STATE: com.aviary.android.feather.AviaryMainController$STATE[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.AviaryMainController$STATE: com.aviary.android.feather.AviaryMainController$STATE valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.FeatherActivity$11
com.aviary.android.feather.FeatherActivity$11$1
com.aviary.android.feather.FeatherActivity$14
com.aviary.android.feather.FeatherActivity$15
com.aviary.android.feather.FeatherActivity$16
com.aviary.android.feather.R$anim: int aviary_bottobar_in_animation
com.aviary.android.feather.R$anim: int aviary_bottobar_out_animation
com.aviary.android.feather.R$anim: int aviary_iap_close_animation
com.aviary.android.feather.R$anim: int aviary_iap_layout_animation
com.aviary.android.feather.R$anim: int aviary_push_up_in
com.aviary.android.feather.R$anim: int aviary_push_up_out
com.aviary.android.feather.R$anim: int aviary_slide_in_top
com.aviary.android.feather.R$anim: int aviary_toast_exit
com.aviary.android.feather.R$array: int aviary_crop_labels
com.aviary.android.feather.R$array: int aviary_crop_values
com.aviary.android.feather.R$array: int aviary_draw_brush_sizes
com.aviary.android.feather.R$array: int aviary_draw_fill_colors
com.aviary.android.feather.R$array: int aviary_spot_brush_sizes
com.aviary.android.feather.R$array: int aviary_text_fill_colors
com.aviary.android.feather.R$array: int borders_list
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryAdjustDividerWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryAdjustImageViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryAdjustItemWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleCenterButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryBackgroundColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarHeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarHorizontalViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarLogoContainerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarLogoImageStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarOptionPanelContainerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarOptionPanelContainerStyleNoMargin
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarOptionPanelStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarToolFeedBackStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarToolImageStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarToolStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarToolTextStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarViewFlipperStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryColorSplashOptionPanelToggleButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryColorSplashOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryColorSplashOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryCropHighlightStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryCropImageViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryCrosshair_enabled
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryCustomDialogButtonSecondaryStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryCustomDialogButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryDefaultTextStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEdgeEffectDefaultStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbDividerLeftContainerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbDividerLeftStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbDividerRightContainerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbDividerRightStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbDividerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbDividerTextStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbHiddenSelector
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbLayoutExternalStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbLayoutStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbTextStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEffectsHorizontalViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEnhanceItemWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEnhanceOptionPanelToggleCenterButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEnhanceOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryEnhanceOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryFeedbackDialogDividerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryFeedbackDialogStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryFeedbackDialogTextMessageStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryFeedbackDialogTextVersionStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryFocusOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryFocusOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryFontLight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryFontRegular
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryBottomIndicatorStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryItemContainerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryItemCropImageViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryItemCropTextCustomStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryItemCropTextNormalStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryItemDividerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryItemHighlightImageStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryTopIndicatorStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryHiddenEditTextStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryHiddenEditTextStyleMultiline
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryHighlightImageButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogContainerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogDownloadButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogGridBackground
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogGridTopStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogHeightWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogIcon
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogMainLayout
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogMarginTopWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogShadowBottom
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogShadowTop
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogTextStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogTitleStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogWidthWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogWorkspaceIndicatorStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogWorkspaceStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlaySticker
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlayStickerHighlightStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlayText
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlayTextHighlightStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryLensViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryLoaderToastStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryMainImagePadding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryMemeButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryMemeClearButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryNavBarHeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryNavBarStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryNavButtonApplyStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryNavButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryNavDividerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryNavTitleStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelBottomIndicatorStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelBottomLineStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelDefaultButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelToggleButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelToggleCenterButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelTopIndicatorStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryPanelDisabledStatusBackground
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryPreviewFillDrawableStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryPreviewSpotDrawableStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryPreviewSpotViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryPrimaryButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarActionBar
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarActionBarHeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarActionBarWidth
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarLarge
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarLargeInverse
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarMedium
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarMediumInverse
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarSmall
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarSmallInverse
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviarySecondaryButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviarySeekBarSecondary
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviarySeekBarSecondaryCenter
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviarySeekBarSecondaryInverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviarySeekBarStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviarySeekBarThumb
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviarySeekBarThumbOffset
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviarySplashDividerWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviarySplashItemWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviarySymbolMinusStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviarySymbolPlusStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryTiltShiftViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryToastExitAnimation
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryToggleButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryWave_animationDuration
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryWave_innerRadius
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryWave_outerRadius
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryWave_pointDrawable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryWheelIndicator
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryWheelLine
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryWheelShadowTop
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviaryWheelStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_animationDuration
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_animationDuration2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_bg_color1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_bg_color2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_blendMode
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_cellBottomPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_cellEndPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_cellStartPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_cellTopPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_cells
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_checked
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_color1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_color2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_color3
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_color4
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_crosshair_edge
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_crosshair_radius
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_crosshair_strokeWidth
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_defaultScreen
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_deleteDrawable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_direction
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_drawableStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_edgeColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_edgeDrawable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_edgeStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_enable3d
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_freeRotate
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_glowDrawable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_glowMode
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_glowSize
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_handle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_highlightColorChecked
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_highlightColorPressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_highlightColorSelected
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_highlightMode
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_highlightStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_horizontalPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_indicatorId
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_indicatorSize
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_layout_direction
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_minCropSize
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_minSize
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_moveEnabled
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_offsety
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_orientation
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_overscroll
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_radius
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_resizeEdgeMode
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_resizeEnabled
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_rotateDrawable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_rotateEnabled
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_rows
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_shape_defaultsize
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_shape_maxsize
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_shape_minsize
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_strokeColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_strokeColor2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_strokeColor3
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_strokeColor4
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_strokeWidth
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_strokeWidth2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_textPerc
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_timeout
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_toggleable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_typeface
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_untoggleable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int aviary_verticalPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int textAppearance
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int textAppearanceInverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int textAppearanceLarge
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargeInverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int textAppearanceMedium
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int textAppearanceMediumInverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmall
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallInverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallNoSelection
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_adjust_fill_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_adjust_internal_stroke_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_adjust_stroke_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_background_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_bottom_primary_color_inverse_dark
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_bottom_primary_color_inverse_light
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_circle_background_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_circle_background_selected
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_circle_dark
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_circle_light
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_circle_selected_dark
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_circle_selected_light
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_crop_fill_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_crop_fill_color_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_crop_stroke_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_crop_stroke_color_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_crop_stroke_internal_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_crop_stroke_internal_color_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_effect_thumb_stroke_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_gallery_item_background_color2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_highlighted_text_light
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_highlighted_text_light_inverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_hint_foreground_light
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_hint_foreground_light_inverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_iap_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_iap_cell_layout_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_link_text_light
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_link_text_light_inverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_logo_primary_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_logo_secondary_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_main_loader_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_meme_stroke_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_meme_text_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_nav_divider_dark
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_nav_divider_light
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_nav_primary_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_nav_secondary_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_panel_disabled_status
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_primary_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_primary_color_inverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_primary_color_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_primary_color_pressed_inverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_primary_highlight_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_primary_highlight_color_inverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_text_highlight_background_inner_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_text_highlight_background_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_tool_text_color
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_tool_text_color_inverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_tool_text_color_no_selected
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_workspace_indicator_normal_endColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_workspace_indicator_normal_startColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_workspace_indicator_selected_endColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$color: int aviary_workspace_indicator_selected_startColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_adjust_button_padding_left
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_adjust_button_padding_right
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_adjust_strokeWidth
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_adjust_strokeWidth2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_bottombar_height
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_color_splash_brush_size
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_color_splash_button_padding_left
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_color_splash_button_padding_right
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_crop_min_size
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_crop_stroke_internal_width
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_crop_stroke_width
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_effect_thumb_margin_bottom
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_effect_thumb_padding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_effect_thumb_radius
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_effect_thumb_stroke
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_enhance_button_padding_left
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_enhance_button_padding_right
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_focus_button_padding_left
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_focus_button_padding_right
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_frame_item_image_width
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_frame_item_width
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_gallery_bottom_indicator_height
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_gallery_item_width
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_gallery_margin_bottom
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_gallery_margin_top
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_gallery_mid_indicator_height
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_gallery_top_indicator_height
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_main_image_padding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_main_loader_padding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_main_loader_radius
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_nav_divider
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_nav_divider_double
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_nav_height
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_navbar_height
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_navbar_progress_height
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_navbar_progress_width
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_optionpanel_button_padding_bottom
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_optionpanel_button_padding_left
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_optionpanel_button_padding_right
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_optionpanel_button_padding_top
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_spot_toast_height
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_spot_toast_width
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_sticker_overlay_min_size
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_sticker_overlay_padding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_sticker_pack_image_width
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_sticker_pack_width
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_sticker_single_item_image_width
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_sticker_single_item_width
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_textSizeIAPTitle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_textSizeLarge
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_textSizeMedium
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_textSizeSmall
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_textSizeTools
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_text_highlight_background_inner_stroke_width
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_text_highlight_background_radius
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_text_highlight_background_stroke_width
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_text_overlay_default_size
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_text_overlay_min_size
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_text_overlay_padding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$dimen: int aviary_wheel_margin_horizontal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_adjust_knob
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_blue_button_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_blue_button_background_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_blue_button_background_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_hline
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_logo_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_thumb_divider_left
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_thumb_divider_right
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_thumb_external_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_tools_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_vline
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_vline_inverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_vline_selector
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_crop_invert_indicator
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_crop_invert_indicator_inverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_crop_invert_indicator_selector
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_crop_invert_indicator_transparent
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_delete_knob
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_effect_item_getmore
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_effects_pack_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_external_packs_download_icon
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_frame_divider_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_frame_item_getmore
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_frame_item_selected_image
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_frames_pack_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_gallery_default_background_selector
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_gallery_middle_divider
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_gray_button_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_gray_button_background_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_gray_button_background_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_hidden_edittext_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_hidden_textfield_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_home_dialog_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_iap_grid_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_iap_grid_background_inverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_iap_workspace_indicator_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_iap_workspace_indicator_selected
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_iap_workspace_indicator_selector
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_circle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_enhance_brighten
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_enhance_colorfix
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_enhance_hd
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_eraser
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_eraser_small
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_flip_horizontal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_flip_vertical
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_free
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_na
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_rectangle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_rotate_left
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_rotate_right
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_smart
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_knob
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_lens_image
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_logo_big
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_main_loader_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_meme_button_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_meme_clear_button
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_nav_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_nav_button_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_nav_button_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_nav_check
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_nav_divider
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_overscroll_edge
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_overscroll_glow
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_powered
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_resize_knob
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_background_image
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_secondary_center_selector
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_secondary_inverted_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_secondary_inverted_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_secondary_inverted_selector
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_secondary_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_secondary_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_secondary_selector
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_thumb
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_thumb_focused
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_thumb_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_thumb_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_thumb_zero_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_thumb_zero_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_shadow_bottom
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_shadown_top
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_sticker_highlight_background_selector
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_sticker_item_getmore
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_sticker_pack_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_symbol_minus_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_symbol_plus_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_text_highlight_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_text_highlight_bg_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_text_highlight_bg_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_toast_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_center_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_center_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_left_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_left_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_right_normal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_right_pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_center_button_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_blemish
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_brightness
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_colorsplash
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_contrast
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_crop
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_draw
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_effects
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_enhance
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_feedback
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_focus
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_frames
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_meme
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_orientation
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_redeye
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_saturation
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_sharpen
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_stickers
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_text
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_warmth
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_whiten
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_left_button_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_right_button_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_tools_divider
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_update_arrow
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_wave_dot
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_wheel_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_wheel_container
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_wheel_indicator
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_wheel_line
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_wheel_shadow
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int aviary_wheel_shadow_bottom
com.aviary.android.feather.R$drawable: int ic_stickers
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_bottom_line
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_bottombar
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_button
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_button1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_button2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_button3
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_button4
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_button_circle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_button_minus
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_button_plus
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_button_rectangle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_clear_button1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_clear_button2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_content_view
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_crop_image
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_description
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_disable_status
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_divider_left
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_divider_right
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_error_message
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_flipper
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_gallery
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_gallery2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_head
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_hidden
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_icon
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_image
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_image2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_invisible_text_1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_invisible_text_2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_lens_button
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_list
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_list_packs
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_list_stickers
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_loader
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_main_iap_dialog
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_main_iap_dialog_container
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_meme_dumb
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_navbar
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_overlay
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_panel
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_progress
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_retry_button
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_seekbar
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_switcher
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_text
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_title
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_tool_view
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_tools_listview
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_top_line
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_version
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_wheel
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_white_logo
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_workspace
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_workspace_container
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int aviary_workspace_indicator
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int button1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int button2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int button3
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int checked
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int divider
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int down_top
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int dragLayer
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int drawing_view_container
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int edge_bottom
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int edge_left
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int edge_right
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int edge_top
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int feather_dialogs_container
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int horizontal
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int image
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int image_loading_view
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int imagegl
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int main_content
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int navbar_button1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int navbar_button2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int navbar_divider1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int navbar_divider2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int navbar_progress1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int navbar_progress2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int navbar_text1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int navbar_text2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int nonblank
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int pressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int selected
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int shadow
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int size_preview
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int text
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int text1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int text2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int text3
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int top_down
com.aviary.android.feather.R$id: int vertical
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_adjust_animationDuration
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_adjust_animationDuration2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_adjust_divider_weight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_adjust_flip3d
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_adjust_free_rotate
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_adjust_item_weight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_button_highlight_glow_size
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_color_splash_divider_weight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_color_splash_item_weight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_crop_invert_policy
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_crop_selected_index
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_draw_brush_index
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_draw_brush_softValue
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_draw_fill_color_index
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_enhance_item_weight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_featured_packs_count
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_iap_dialog_cols_effects
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_iap_dialog_cols_stickers
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_iap_dialog_height_weight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_iap_dialog_margin_top_weight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_iap_dialog_rows_effects
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_iap_dialog_rows_stickers
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_iap_dialog_width_weight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_mediumAnimTime
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_meme_max_length
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_meme_stroke_enabled
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_seekbar_weight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_shortAnimTime
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_spot_brush_index
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_spot_gallery_item_max_size
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_spot_gallery_item_min_size
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_text_fill_color_index
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_text_gallery_drawable_radius
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_text_max_length
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_text_stroke_enabled
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int aviary_wheel_weight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int border_version
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int is_border
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int is_filter
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int is_sticker
com.aviary.android.feather.R$integer: int is_tool
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_bottombar
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_content_adjust
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_content_crop
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_content_draw
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_content_effects
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_content_effects_gl
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_content_focus
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_content_meme
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_content_spot_draw
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_content_stickers
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_content_text
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_effect_item_more
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_feedback_dialog_view
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_frame_item
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_frame_item_divider
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_frame_item_external
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_frame_item_more
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_gallery_crop_item_view
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_gallery_crop_item_view_custom
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_gallery_item_divider
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_gallery_item_highlight_view
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_gallery_item_view
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_iap_cell_item_effects
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_iap_cell_item_stickers
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_iap_dialog
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_iap_dialog_container
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_iap_download_error_message
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_iap_workspace_screen_effects
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_iap_workspace_screen_stickers
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_main_loader
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_main_view
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_modal_progress_view
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_navbar
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_navbar_text
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_panel_adjust
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_panel_colorsplash
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_panel_crop
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_panel_draw
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_panel_enhance
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_panel_focus
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_panel_frames
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_panel_meme
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_panel_seekbar
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_panel_spot
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_panel_stickers
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_panel_wheel
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_progress_medium
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_progress_medium_inverse
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_progress_small
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_sticker_item
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_sticker_item_more
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_sticker_item_single
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_thumb_divider_left
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_thumb_divider_right
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_toast_layout
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_tool_feedback_layout
com.aviary.android.feather.R$layout: int aviary_tool_layout
com.aviary.android.feather.R$raw: int aviary_default_effects
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int aviary_meme_font
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int border_name
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int confirm_quit_message
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_about_dialog_message
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_activity_not_found
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_adjust
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_apply
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_attention
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_auto_enhance_label
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_back_enhance_label
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_balance_enhance_label
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_blemish
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_borders
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_borders_dialog_first_time
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_brightness
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_cancel
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_circle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_close
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_colorfix
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_colorsplash_eraser
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_colorsplash_free
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_colorsplash_smart
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_confirm
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_contrast
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_crash_toast_text
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_crop
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_custom
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_delete
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_download
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_draw
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_edit_bottom_text
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_edit_top_text
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_edit_your_photo
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_effect_loading_message
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_effects
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_effects_beginning_of_list
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_effects_end_of_list
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_effects_error_loading_pack
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_effects_error_loading_packs
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_effects_error_update_editor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_effects_error_update_editors
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_effects_error_update_multiple
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_effects_error_update_pack
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_effects_error_update_packs
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_effects_unknown_error
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_effects_unknown_errors
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_enhance
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_enter_text_here
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_error_download_image_message
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_error_saving_aviary_folder
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_error_saving_image
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_featured
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_feedback
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_feedback_dialog_message
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_filter_pack_updated
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_flip
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_generic_error_title
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_get_more
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_hidef
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_illuminate
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_image_saved_in
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_infoscreen_bottom_button
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_infoscreen_text
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_item_not_found
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_keep_editing
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_loading_image
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_loading_title
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_meme
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_menu_reset
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_message_button_no
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_message_button_yes
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_message_text
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_message_title
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_mirror
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_new_effects
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_original
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_plugin_error_corrupted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_plugin_error_download
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_plugin_error_storage_not_available
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_plugin_filter_undefined_name
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_rectangle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_red_eye
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_remove
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_revert_dialog_message
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_revert_dialog_title
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_rotate
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_saturation
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_save
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_save_progress
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_send_feedback
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_shapes
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_share
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_sharpen
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_square
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_sticker_delete_message
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_sticker_name
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_sticker_pack_updated_1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_sticker_pack_updated_2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_sticker_pack_updated_3
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_stickers
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_stickers_dialog_first_time
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_text
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_tool
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_tool_colorsplash
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_tool_leave_question
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_tool_name
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_tool_temperature
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_tool_tiltshift
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_try_again
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_update
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_version
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_view_file
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_whiten
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_yes_leave
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int feather_zoom_mode
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int filter_name
com.aviary.android.feather.R$string: int menu_premium
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryAnimations
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryAnimations_AviaryToast
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryBaseTheme
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryBaseTheme_Dialog
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryDialog
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryDialog_Divider
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryDialog_Feedback
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryDialog_Feedback_Text
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryDialog_MainLayout
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryGraphics
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_CropHighlightView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_GalleryBottomLine
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_GalleryTopIndicator
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_GalleryTopIndicator_Inverse
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_PluginDividerText
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_PreviewFill
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_PreviewSpot
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_StickerHighlightView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_TextHighlightView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Inverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Inverted_Large
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Inverted_Medium
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Inverted_Small
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Large
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Medium
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Small
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Small_NoSelected
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryTheme
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryTheme_Dialog_Custom
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_AdjustImageView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_AviaryGallery
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_AviarySeekBar
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_AviaryWheel
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem_Container
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem_Crop
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem_Crop_HighlightImageView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem_Crop_TextView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem_Crop_TextView_Custom
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem_Divider
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem_HighlightImageView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryTopIndicatorView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryTopIndicatorView_Inverse
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_HorizontalScrollView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_Logo
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_Logo_Container
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_Logo_Image
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_OptionPanel
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_OptionPanelContainer
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_OptionPanelContainer_BorderLess
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_Tool
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_Tool_FeedBack
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_ViewFlipper
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_Button
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_Button_Meme
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_Button_NavButton
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_Button_NavButton_Apply
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_Button_Secondary
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_Button_Secondary_Toggle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_CropImageView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EdgeEffect
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_Divider
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_DividerContainer
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_DividerContainer_Left
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_Divider_Left
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_HiddenSelector
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_Layout
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_Layout_External
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_PacksDivider
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_Text
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectsHorizontalScrollView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HiddenText
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HiddenText_TextTool
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_Clear
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_Lens
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Center
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Center_Enhance
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Enhance
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Left
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Left_Adjust
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Left_Enhance
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Left_Focus
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Left_TiltShift
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Right
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Right_Adjust
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Right_Enhance
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Right_Focus
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Right_TiltShift
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_TiltShift
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_Tool
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_CellLayoutEffects
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_CellLayoutStickers
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_Container
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_DownloadButton
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_Icon
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_Main
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_ShadowBottom
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_ShadowTop
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_Text
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_Text_Description
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_Text_Title
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_TopGrid
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_Workspace
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_WorkspaceIndicator
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_ModalToastLoader
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_ModalToastLoader_MainView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_NavBar
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_NavBar_Divider
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_NavBar_Main
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_PreviewSpot
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_StickerImageView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_SymbolMinus
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_SymbolPlus
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_TextImageView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_TextView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_TextView_NavTitle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_TextView_Tool
com.aviary.android.feather.R$style: int AviaryWidget_TiltShiftView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryAdjustImageView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_android_padding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_animationDuration
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_animationDuration2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_color1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_enable3d
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_freeRotate
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_handle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_strokeColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_strokeColor2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_strokeWidth
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_strokeWidth2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryCellLayout
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_cellBottomPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_cellEndPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_cellStartPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_cellTopPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_cells
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_horizontalPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_layout_direction
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_rows
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_verticalPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryCropHighlightView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_android_src
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_color1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_color2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_strokeColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_strokeColor2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_strokeColor3
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_strokeColor4
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_strokeWidth
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_strokeWidth2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryCropImageView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCropImageView_aviary_highlightStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryCropImageView_aviary_minCropSize
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryDrawableHighlightView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_android_background
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_android_padding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_aviary_deleteDrawable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_aviary_minSize
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_aviary_moveEnabled
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_aviary_resizeEdgeMode
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_aviary_resizeEnabled
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_aviary_rotateDrawable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_aviary_rotateEnabled
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryEdgeEffect
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryEdgeEffect_aviary_blendMode
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryEdgeEffect_aviary_edgeColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryEdgeEffect_aviary_edgeDrawable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryEdgeEffect_aviary_glowDrawable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryEffectThumbLayout
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryEffectThumbLayout_aviary_animationDuration
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryGallery
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryGalleryIndicatorView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryIndicatorView_aviary_drawableStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryGalleryTopIndicator
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_android_minHeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_android_shadowColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_android_shadowDy
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_aviary_color1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_aviary_direction
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_aviary_indicatorSize
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_aviary_offsety
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_aviary_strokeColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_aviary_strokeColor2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_aviary_strokeWidth
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryGallery_android_animationDuration
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryHighlightImageButton
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_blendMode
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_checked
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_glowMode
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_glowSize
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_highlightColorChecked
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_highlightColorPressed
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_highlightColorSelected
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_highlightMode
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_toggleable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_untoggleable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryImageViewDrawableOverlay
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryImageViewDrawableOverlay_aviary_highlightStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryPluginDividerDrawable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPluginDividerDrawable_android_textColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPluginDividerDrawable_aviary_strokeColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPluginDividerDrawable_aviary_strokeWidth
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPluginDividerDrawable_aviary_textPerc
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPluginDividerDrawable_aviary_typeface
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryPreviewFillDrawable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewFillDrawable_aviary_radius
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewFillDrawable_aviary_strokeColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewFillDrawable_aviary_strokeWidth
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_bg_color1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_bg_color2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_color1
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_color2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_color3
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_color4
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_glowSize
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_highlightColorChecked
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_strokeColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_strokeWidth
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviarySeekBar
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviarySeekBar_aviarySeekBarSecondary
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviarySeekBar_aviarySeekBarSecondaryCenter
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviarySeekBar_aviarySeekBarSecondaryInverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviarySeekBar_aviarySeekBarThumb
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviarySeekBar_aviarySeekBarThumbOffset
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryTextView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTextView_aviary_typeface
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryTiltShiftImageView
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviaryCrosshair_enabled
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviaryWave_animationDuration
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviaryWave_innerRadius
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviaryWave_outerRadius
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviaryWave_pointDrawable
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_animationDuration
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_crosshair_edge
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_crosshair_radius
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_crosshair_strokeWidth
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_shape_defaultsize
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_shape_maxsize
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_shape_minsize
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_strokeColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_strokeColor2
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_strokeWidth
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_timeout
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryWheel
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryWheel_aviaryWheelIndicator
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryWheel_aviaryWheelLine
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryWheel_aviaryWheelShadowTop
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryWheel_aviary_edgeStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryWorkspace
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] AviaryWorkspaceIndicator
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryWorkspaceIndicator_aviary_indicatorId
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryWorkspace_aviary_defaultScreen
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int AviaryWorkspace_aviary_overscroll
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int[] Theme
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryAdjustDividerWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryAdjustImageViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryAdjustItemWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleCenterButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBackgroundColor
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarHeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarHorizontalViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarLogoContainerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarLogoImageStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarOptionPanelContainerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarOptionPanelContainerStyleNoMargin
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarOptionPanelStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarToolFeedBackStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarToolImageStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarToolStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarToolTextStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarViewFlipperStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryColorSplashOptionPanelToggleButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryColorSplashOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryColorSplashOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryCropHighlightStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryCropImageViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryCustomDialogButtonSecondaryStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryCustomDialogButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryDefaultTextStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEdgeEffectDefaultStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbDividerLeftContainerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbDividerLeftStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbDividerRightContainerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbDividerRightStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbDividerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbDividerTextStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbHiddenSelector
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbLayoutExternalStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbLayoutStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbTextStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectsHorizontalViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEnhanceItemWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEnhanceOptionPanelToggleCenterButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEnhanceOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEnhanceOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFeedbackDialogDividerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFeedbackDialogStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFeedbackDialogTextMessageStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFeedbackDialogTextVersionStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFocusOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFocusOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFontLight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFontRegular
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryBottomIndicatorStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryItemContainerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryItemCropImageViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryItemCropTextCustomStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryItemCropTextNormalStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryItemDividerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryItemHighlightImageStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryTopIndicatorStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryHiddenEditTextStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryHiddenEditTextStyleMultiline
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryHighlightImageButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogContainerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogDownloadButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogGridBackground
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogGridTopStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogHeightWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogIcon
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogMainLayout
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogMarginTopWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogShadowBottom
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogShadowTop
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogTextStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogTitleStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogWidthWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogWorkspaceIndicatorStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogWorkspaceStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlaySticker
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlayStickerHighlightStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlayText
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlayTextHighlightStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryLensViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryLoaderToastStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryMainImagePadding
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryMemeButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryMemeClearButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryNavBarHeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryNavBarStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryNavButtonApplyStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryNavButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryNavDividerStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryNavTitleStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelBottomIndicatorStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelBottomLineStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelDefaultButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelToggleButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelToggleCenterButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelTopIndicatorStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryPanelDisabledStatusBackground
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryPreviewFillDrawableStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryPreviewSpotDrawableStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryPreviewSpotViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryPrimaryButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarActionBar
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarActionBarHeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarActionBarWidth
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarLarge
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarLargeInverse
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarMedium
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarMediumInverse
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarSmall
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarSmallInverse
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviarySecondaryButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviarySeekBarStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviarySplashDividerWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviarySplashItemWeight
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviarySymbolMinusStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviarySymbolPlusStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryTiltShiftViewStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryToastExitAnimation
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryToggleButtonStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryWheelStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearance
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceInverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceLarge
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceLargeInverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceMedium
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceMediumInverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceSmall
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceSmallInverted
com.aviary.android.feather.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceSmallNoSelection
com.aviary.android.feather.async_tasks.AsyncImageManager$1
com.aviary.android.feather.async_tasks.AsyncImageManager$2
com.aviary.android.feather.async_tasks.AsyncImageManager$MyRunnable
com.aviary.android.feather.async_tasks.AsyncImageManager$Priority: com.aviary.android.feather.async_tasks.AsyncImageManager$Priority[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.async_tasks.AsyncImageManager$Priority: com.aviary.android.feather.async_tasks.AsyncImageManager$Priority valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.AbstractPanelLoaderService
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.AbstractPanelLoaderService: AbstractPanelLoaderService(com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.IAviaryController)
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.BordersPanel$11
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.BordersPanel$7
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.BordersPanel$8
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.BordersPanel$EffectPack$EffectPackType: com.aviary.android.feather.effects.BordersPanel$EffectPack$EffectPackType[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.BordersPanel$EffectPack$EffectPackType: com.aviary.android.feather.effects.BordersPanel$EffectPack$EffectPackType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.ColorSplashPanel$BackgroundDrawThread
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.DelayedSpotDrawPanel$MyHandlerThread
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.DrawingPanel$DrawinTool: com.aviary.android.feather.effects.DrawingPanel$DrawinTool[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.DrawingPanel$DrawinTool: com.aviary.android.feather.effects.DrawingPanel$DrawinTool valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.EffectsPanel$2$1
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.SliderEffectPanel$SliderStyle: com.aviary.android.feather.effects.SliderEffectPanel$SliderStyle[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.SliderEffectPanel$SliderStyle: com.aviary.android.feather.effects.SliderEffectPanel$SliderStyle valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.StickersPanel$9
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.StickersPanel$LoadStickersRunner
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.StickersPanel$StickerEffectPack$StickerEffectPackType: com.aviary.android.feather.effects.StickersPanel$StickerEffectPack$StickerEffectPackType[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.StickersPanel$StickerEffectPack$StickerEffectPackType: com.aviary.android.feather.effects.StickersPanel$StickerEffectPack$StickerEffectPackType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.TextPanel$2
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.TiltShiftPanel$1
com.aviary.android.feather.effects.TiltShiftPanel$BackgroundDrawThread
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.AviaryEffect
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.IFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.INativeFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.INativeRangeFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeFilterProxy
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeRangeFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter: long nativeCtor(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter: int nativeSetTiltShiftMode(long,java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter: int nativeSetColorSplashMode(long,java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter: int nativeInit(long,android.graphics.Bitmap,android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter: int nativeDrawStart(long,float,float,float,float)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter: int nativeColorSplash_Draw(long,float,float)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter: int nativeTiltShift_Draw(long,float,float,float,float)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter: int nativeRenderPreview(long,int,int,int,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter: void nativeDispose(long)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter$ColorSplashBrushMode: com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter$ColorSplashBrushMode[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter$ColorSplashBrushMode: com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter$ColorSplashBrushMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter$NativeToolType: com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter$NativeToolType[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter$NativeToolType: com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter$NativeToolType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter$TiltShiftMode: com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter$TiltShiftMode[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter$TiltShiftMode: com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.NativeToolFilter$TiltShiftMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.impl.CropFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.filters.impl.EffectFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.gl.GLUtils
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.gl.GLUtils: boolean n_getOpenGLEnabled()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.media.ExifInterfaceWrapper
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.media.ExifInterfaceWrapper: boolean appendThumbnailNative(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.media.ExifInterfaceWrapper: void saveAttributesNative(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.media.ExifInterfaceWrapper: java.lang.String getAttributesNative(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.media.ExifInterfaceWrapper: void commitChangesNative(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.media.ExifInterfaceWrapper: byte[] getThumbnailNative(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa: int n_init(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa: void n_setid(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa: void n_applyActions(com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaResult)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa: java.lang.String[] n_getActions()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa: java.lang.String[] n_getEffects()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa: int n_getVersion()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa: boolean n_cpuIsArmv7()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa: int n_getCpuFamily()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa: int n_getCpuBuild()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa: void n_notifyPixelsChanged(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa: java.lang.String n_getProclistVersion()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa: boolean n_enterpriseVersion()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa: boolean n_premiumVersion()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa$CPUArchAbi: com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa$CPUArchAbi[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa$CPUArchAbi: com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.Moa$CPUArchAbi valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: int m_width(long)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: int m_height(long)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: long m_nativeCtor()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: int m_nativeLoad(long,java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: int m_nativeLoad(long,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: int m_nativeLoad(long,java.io.FileDescriptor)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: int m_nativeLoad(long,java.io.InputStream,byte[])
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: boolean m_nativeIsValid(long)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: boolean m_nativeIsLoaded(long)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: int m_nativeUnload(long)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: void m_nativeDispose(long)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: void m_nativeApplyActions(long,java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: int m_nativeSave(long,java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: int m_nativeSaveWithQualityAndConfig(long,java.lang.String,int,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: int m_getMaxBitmapSize(long)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaHD: void m_setMaxMegaPixels(long,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaResult
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaResult: java.lang.String inputString
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaResult: android.graphics.Bitmap inputBitmap
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaResult: java.lang.String outputString
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaResult: android.graphics.Bitmap outputBitmap
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaResult: int active
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaResult: void execute()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.moa.MoaResult: void cancel()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.utils.CameraUtils
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.utils.CameraUtils: int n_getMaximumMp()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.utils.CameraUtils: int n_getSmallMp()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.utils.CameraUtils: int n_getLargeMp()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.utils.CameraUtils: int n_getMediumMp()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.utils.CameraUtils: int n_getMaxSize(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.utils.MegaPixels: com.aviary.android.feather.headless.utils.MegaPixels[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.headless.utils.MegaPixels: com.aviary.android.feather.headless.utils.MegaPixels valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.content.FeatherIntent
com.aviary.android.feather.library.content.cache.CacheManager$Type: com.aviary.android.feather.library.content.cache.CacheManager$Type[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.library.content.cache.CacheManager$Type: com.aviary.android.feather.library.content.cache.CacheManager$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.external.tracking.LocalyticsSession$SessionHandler$1
com.aviary.android.feather.library.external.tracking.LocalyticsSession$SessionHandler$2
com.aviary.android.feather.library.external.tracking.LocalyticsSession$SessionHandler$3
com.aviary.android.feather.library.external.tracking.LocalyticsSession$SessionHandler$4
com.aviary.android.feather.library.external.tracking.LocalyticsSession$SessionHandler$5
com.aviary.android.feather.library.external.tracking.LocalyticsSession$SessionHandler$6
com.aviary.android.feather.library.external.tracking.LocalyticsSession$UploadHandler$1
com.aviary.android.feather.library.external.tracking.LocalyticsTracker
com.aviary.android.feather.library.external.tracking.TrackerFactory
com.aviary.android.feather.library.external.tracking.TrackerFactory: TrackerFactory()
com.aviary.android.feather.library.external.tracking.TrackerFactory: com.aviary.android.feather.library.tracking.AbstractTracker create(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.AdjustFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.BorderFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.ColorSplashFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.EnhanceFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.EnhanceFilter$Types: com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.EnhanceFilter$Types[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.EnhanceFilter$Types: com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.EnhanceFilter$Types valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.FilterLoaderFactory$Filters: com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.FilterLoaderFactory$Filters[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.FilterLoaderFactory$Filters: com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.FilterLoaderFactory$Filters valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.ILevelFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.MemeFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.SaturationFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.SpotBrushFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.StickerFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.TextFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.library.filters.TiltShiftFilter
com.aviary.android.feather.library.graphics.CircleF
com.aviary.android.feather.library.graphics.CircleF: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.aviary.android.feather.library.graphics.IGeom
com.aviary.android.feather.library.graphics.LineF
com.aviary.android.feather.library.graphics.LineF: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.aviary.android.feather.library.graphics.RectD
com.aviary.android.feather.library.graphics.RectD: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.aviary.android.feather.library.log.LoggerFactory$LoggerType: com.aviary.android.feather.library.log.LoggerFactory$LoggerType[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.library.log.LoggerFactory$LoggerType: com.aviary.android.feather.library.log.LoggerFactory$LoggerType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.receivers.AviarySystemReceiver$TrackPackageAsyncTask$1
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.BaseContextService
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.CDSService
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.CDSService: CDSService(com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.IAviaryController)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.CDSService$1
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.ConfigService
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.ConfigService: ConfigService(com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.IAviaryController)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.DragControllerService
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.DragControllerService: DragControllerService(com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.IAviaryController)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.FileCacheService
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.FileCacheService: FileCacheService(com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.IAviaryController)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.HiResService
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.HiResService: HiResService(com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.IAviaryController)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.HiResService$1
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.HiResService$2
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.HiResService$3
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.IAviaryController
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.ImageCacheService
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.ImageCacheService: ImageCacheService(com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.IAviaryController)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.LocalDataService
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.LocalDataService: LocalDataService(com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.IAviaryController)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.PluginService
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.PluginService: PluginService(com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.IAviaryController)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.PluginService$StickerType: com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.PluginService$StickerType[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.PluginService$StickerType: com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.PluginService$StickerType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.PreferenceService
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.PreferenceService: PreferenceService(com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.IAviaryController)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.ServiceLoader
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.ServiceLoader: ServiceLoader(com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.IAviaryController)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.ThreadPoolService
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.ThreadPoolService: ThreadPoolService(com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.IAviaryController)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.ThreadPoolService$LowPriorityThreadFactory$1
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.ThreadPoolService$Worker
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.drag.DragLayer
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.drag.DragLayer: DragLayer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.drag.DragLayer: void setDragController(com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.DragControllerService)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.drag.DragView: float getScaleFactor()
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.drag.DragView: void setPaint(android.graphics.Paint)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.drag.DragView$2
com.aviary.android.feather.library.threading.PriorityThreadFactory$1
com.aviary.android.feather.library.threading.ThreadMediaPool$1
com.aviary.android.feather.library.threading.ThreadMediaPool$Worker
com.aviary.android.feather.library.tracking.AbstractTracker
com.aviary.android.feather.library.tracking.AbstractTracker: java.lang.String mCallingAppName
com.aviary.android.feather.library.tracking.AbstractTracker: java.lang.String mAppName
com.aviary.android.feather.library.tracking.AbstractTracker: java.lang.String mSdkVersion
com.aviary.android.feather.library.tracking.AbstractTracker: java.lang.String mABGroup
com.aviary.android.feather.library.tracking.AbstractTracker: java.lang.String mApiKey
com.aviary.android.feather.library.tracking.AbstractTracker: AbstractTracker(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.tracking.AbstractTracker: void setABGroup(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.tracking.AbstractTracker: void setExternalAppName(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.tracking.AbstractTracker: boolean recordTag(java.lang.String,java.util.HashMap)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.tracking.AbstractTracker: void open()
com.aviary.android.feather.library.tracking.AbstractTracker: void upload()
com.aviary.android.feather.library.tracking.AbstractTracker: boolean close()
com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.BitmapUtils$FLIP_MODE: com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.BitmapUtils$FLIP_MODE[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.BitmapUtils$FLIP_MODE: com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.BitmapUtils$FLIP_MODE valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.BitmapUtils$ROTATION: com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.BitmapUtils$ROTATION[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.BitmapUtils$ROTATION: com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.BitmapUtils$ROTATION valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.EasingManager$EaseType: com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.EasingManager$EaseType[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.EasingManager$EaseType: com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.EasingManager$EaseType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.EasingManager$Ticker
com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.EasingManager$TickerStart
com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.UserTask$3
com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.UserTask$Status: com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.UserTask$Status[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.UserTask$Status: com.aviary.android.feather.library.utils.UserTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.opengl.AviaryGLSurfaceView
com.aviary.android.feather.opengl.AviaryGLSurfaceView: AviaryGLSurfaceView(android.content.Context)
com.aviary.android.feather.opengl.AviaryGLSurfaceView: AviaryGLSurfaceView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.opengl.AviaryGLSurfaceView: long n_create()
com.aviary.android.feather.opengl.AviaryGLSurfaceView: boolean n_dispose(long)
com.aviary.android.feather.opengl.AviaryGLSurfaceView: boolean n_initialize(long)
com.aviary.android.feather.opengl.AviaryGLSurfaceView: boolean n_setRenderbufferSize(long,int,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.opengl.AviaryGLSurfaceView: boolean n_render(long,android.graphics.Bitmap,java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.opengl.AviaryGLSurfaceView: boolean n_writeCurrentBitmap(long,android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.aviary.android.feather.opengl.AviaryGLSurfaceView: void setOnGlRendererListener(com.aviary.android.feather.opengl.AviaryGLSurfaceView$GLRendererListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.opengl.AviaryGLSurfaceView$3
com.aviary.android.feather.opengl.AviaryGLSurfaceView$4
com.aviary.android.feather.utils.SimpleBitmapCache$2
com.aviary.android.feather.utils.ThreadUtils$BackgroundJob
com.aviary.android.feather.utils.ThreadUtils$BackgroundJob$1
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setEnableFreeRotate(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setOnResetListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$OnResetListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: AdjustImageView(android.content.Context)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: AdjustImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: AdjustImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setEasing(it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Easing)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: android.graphics.PointF getCenter()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: android.graphics.RectF getViewRect()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: android.graphics.RectF getImageRect()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: double getGrowthFactor()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: double getStraightenAngle()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setStraightenRotation(double)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setAdjustViewBounds(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setMaxWidth(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setMaxHeight(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawable()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setImageResource(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setSelected(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setImageLevel(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setScaleType(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$ScaleType)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$ScaleType getScaleType()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: android.graphics.Matrix getImageMatrix()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setImageMatrix(android.graphics.Matrix)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: int getBaseline()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setBaseline(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setBaselineAlignBottom(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: boolean getBaselineAlignBottom()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setColorFilter(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setAlpha(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: boolean getStraightenStarted()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: void setCameraEnabled(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: float getRotation()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: double getCurrentRotation()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: boolean getHorizontalFlip()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: boolean getVerticalFlip()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView: int getFlipType()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$1
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$2
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$3
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$4
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$5
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$6
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$7
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$FlipType: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$FlipType[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$FlipType: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$FlipType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$ScaleType: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$ScaleType[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$ScaleType: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AdjustImageView$ScaleType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: android.widget.Adapter mAdapter
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: int mHeightMeasureSpec
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: int mWidthMeasureSpec
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: boolean mBlockLayoutRequests
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: int mSelectionLeftPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: int mSelectionTopPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: int mSelectionRightPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: int mSelectionBottomPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: android.graphics.Rect mSpinnerPadding
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: int mPaddingLeft
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: int mPaddingRight
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: int mPaddingTop
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: int mPaddingBottom
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: java.util.List mRecycleBin
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: android.database.DataSetObserver mDataSetObserver
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: android.graphics.Rect mTouchFrame
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: int mDefaultPosition
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: AviaryAbsSpinner(android.content.Context)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: AviaryAbsSpinner(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: AviaryAbsSpinner(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: void setPadding(int,int,int,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: void initAbsSpinner()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: void setDefaultPosition(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: void emptyRecycler()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: void emptySubRecycler()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: void resetList()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: void onMeasure(int,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: int getChildHeight(android.view.View)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: int getChildWidth(android.view.View)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams generateDefaultLayoutParams()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: void recycleAllViews()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: void setSelection(int,boolean,boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: void setSelection(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: void setSelectionInt(int,boolean,boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: void layout(int,boolean,boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: android.view.View getSelectedView()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: void requestLayout()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: android.widget.Adapter getAdapter()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: int getCount()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: int pointToPosition(int,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: android.os.Parcelable onSaveInstanceState()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner: void onRestoreInstanceState(android.os.Parcelable)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner$SavedState
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAbsSpinner$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int ITEM_VIEW_TYPE_IGNORE
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int ITEM_VIEW_TYPE_HEADER_OR_FOOTER
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int mFirstPosition
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int mSpecificTop
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int mSyncPosition
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: long mSyncRowId
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: long mSyncHeight
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: boolean mNeedSync
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int mSyncMode
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int mLayoutHeight
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int SYNC_SELECTED_POSITION
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int SYNC_FIRST_POSITION
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int SYNC_MAX_DURATION_MILLIS
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: boolean mInLayout
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView$OnItemSelectedListener mOnItemSelectedListener
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView$OnItemClickListener mOnItemClickListener
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView$OnItemLongClickListener mOnItemLongClickListener
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: boolean mDataChanged
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int mNextSelectedPosition
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: long mNextSelectedRowId
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int mSelectedPosition
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: long mSelectedRowId
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: android.view.View mEmptyView
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int mItemCount
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int mOldItemCount
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int INVALID_POSITION
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: long INVALID_ROW_ID
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int mOldSelectedPosition
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: long mOldSelectedRowId
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: boolean mDesiredFocusableState
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: boolean mDesiredFocusableInTouchModeState
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView$SelectionNotifier mSelectionNotifier
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: boolean mBlockLayoutRequests
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: AviaryAdapterView(android.content.Context)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: AviaryAdapterView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: AviaryAdapterView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void setOnItemClickListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView$OnItemClickListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView$OnItemClickListener getOnItemClickListener()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: boolean performItemClick(android.view.View,int,long)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void setOnItemLongClickListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView$OnItemLongClickListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView$OnItemLongClickListener getOnItemLongClickListener()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void setOnItemSelectedListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView$OnItemSelectedListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView$OnItemSelectedListener getOnItemSelectedListener()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: android.widget.Adapter getAdapter()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void addView(android.view.View)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void addView(android.view.View,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void addView(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void addView(android.view.View,int,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void removeView(android.view.View)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void removeViewAt(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void removeAllViews()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int getSelectedItemPosition()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: long getSelectedItemId()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: android.view.View getSelectedView()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: java.lang.Object getSelectedItem()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int getCount()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int getPositionForView(android.view.View)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int getFirstVisiblePosition()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int getLastVisiblePosition()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void setSelection(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void setEmptyView(android.view.View)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: android.view.View getEmptyView()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: boolean isInFilterMode()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void setFocusable(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void setFocusableInTouchMode(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void checkFocus()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void updateEmptyStatus(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: java.lang.Object getItemAtPosition(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: long getItemIdAtPosition(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void dispatchSaveInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void dispatchRestoreInstanceState(android.util.SparseArray)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void onDetachedFromWindow()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void selectionChanged(int,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void fireOnSelected()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: boolean dispatchPopulateAccessibilityEvent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: boolean isScrollableForAccessibility()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: boolean canAnimate()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void handleDataChanged()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void checkSelectionChanged()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int findSyncPosition()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: int lookForSelectablePosition(int,boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void setSelectedPositionInt(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void setNextSelectedPositionInt(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void rememberSyncState()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: void access$0(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView,android.os.Parcelable)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView: android.os.Parcelable access$1(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView$SelectionNotifier
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryBottomBarViewFlipper
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryBottomBarViewFlipper: AviaryBottomBarViewFlipper(android.content.Context)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryBottomBarViewFlipper: AviaryBottomBarViewFlipper(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryBottomBarViewFlipper: void setOnViewChangingStatusListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryBottomBarViewFlipper$OnViewChangingStatusListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryBottomBarViewFlipper: void setOnBottomBarItemClickListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryBottomBarViewFlipper$OnBottomBarItemClickListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryBottomBarViewFlipper: android.view.ViewGroup getContentPanel()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryBottomBarViewFlipper: it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView getToolsListView()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryButton
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryButton: AviaryButton(android.content.Context)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryButton: AviaryButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryButton: AviaryButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryButton: void setTypeface(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int SCROLL_TO_FLING_UNCERTAINTY_TIMEOUT
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.VibrationHelper mVibratorHelper
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean mAutoSelectChild
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery$OnItemsScrollListener mItemsScrollListener
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int mCenter
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int mAnimationDuration
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat mEdgeGlowLeft
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: android.support.v4.widget.EdgeEffectCompat mEdgeGlowRight
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int mGravity
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: android.view.GestureDetector mGestureDetector
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int mDownTouchPosition
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean isDown
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ScrollerRunnable mScroller
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean mAutoScrollToCenter
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int mTouchSlop
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery$ScrollCompletedSelectionNotifier mScrollCompletedNotifier
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery$ScrollScrollSelectionNotifier mScrollScrollNotifier
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int mRealSelectedPosition
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean mShouldCallbackDuringFling
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean mShouldCallbackOnUnselectedItemClick
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean mSuppressSelectionChanged
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean mReceivedInvokeKeyDown
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryAdapterView$AdapterContextMenuInfo mContextMenuInfo
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean mIsFirstScroll
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int mLastMotionValue
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: AviaryGallery(android.content.Context)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: AviaryGallery(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: AviaryGallery(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void setAutoSelectChild(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean getAutoSelectChild()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void setVibrationEnabled(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean getVibrationEnabled()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void setOnItemsScrollListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery$OnItemsScrollListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void setOverScrollMode(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void dispatchDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void drawEdges(android.graphics.Canvas)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void setAutoScrollToCenter(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void setCallbackDuringFling(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void onDetachedFromWindow()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void setCallbackOnUnselectedItemClick(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void setAnimationDuration(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int computeHorizontalScrollExtent()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int computeHorizontalScrollOffset()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int computeHorizontalScrollRange()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean checkLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams generateLayoutParams(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams generateLayoutParams(android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams generateDefaultLayoutParams()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int getChildHeight(android.view.View)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void trackMotionScroll(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int getLimitedMotionScrollAmount(boolean,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int getOverScrollDelta(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void onOverScrolled(int,int,boolean,boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void offsetChildrenLeftAndRight(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int getCenterOfGallery()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int getCenterOfView(android.view.View)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void detachOffScreenChildren(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void scrollIntoSlots()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean isOverScrolled()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void onFinishedMovement()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void setSelectionToCenterChild()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void layout(int,boolean,boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void fillToGalleryLeft()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void fillToGalleryRight()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: android.view.View makeAndAddView(int,int,int,boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void invalidateViews()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void setUpChild(android.view.View,int,int,boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void layoutChildren()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void forceChildLayout(android.view.View,android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int calculateTop(android.view.View,boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean onSingleTapUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void onLongPress(android.view.MotionEvent)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean onFling(android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent,float,float)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean onScroll(android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent,float,float)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean onDown(android.view.MotionEvent)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void onUp()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void onCancel()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void onShowPress(android.view.MotionEvent)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void dispatchPress(android.view.View)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void dispatchUnpress()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void dispatchSetSelected(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void dispatchSetPressed(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: android.view.ContextMenu$ContextMenuInfo getContextMenuInfo()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean onKeyDown(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean dispatchKeyEvent(android.view.KeyEvent)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean onKeyUp(int,android.view.KeyEvent)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean movePrevious()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean moveNext()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: boolean scrollToChild(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void setSelectedPositionInt(int,boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void fireVibration()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void setGravity(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void onFocusChanged(boolean,int,android.graphics.Rect)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void scrollCompleted()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void fireOnScrollCompleted()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void selectionChanged(int,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void fireOnSelected()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int getMinX()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int getMaxX()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int getSelectedItemPosition()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: int getCurrentSelectedItemPosition()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void access$0(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery: void access$1(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery$1
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery$ScrollCompletedSelectionNotifier
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGallery$ScrollScrollSelectionNotifier
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGalleryTopIndicatorView
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGalleryTopIndicatorView: AviaryGalleryTopIndicatorView(android.content.Context)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGalleryTopIndicatorView: AviaryGalleryTopIndicatorView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryGalleryTopIndicatorView: AviaryGalleryTopIndicatorView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryHighlightImageButton
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryHighlightImageButton: AviaryHighlightImageButton(android.content.Context)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryHighlightImageButton: AviaryHighlightImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryHighlightImageButton: AviaryHighlightImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryHighlightImageButton: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryHighlightImageButton: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryHighlightImageButton: void setImageResource(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryHighlightImageButton: void setPressed(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryHighlightImageButton: void setSelected(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryHighlightImageButton: void setChecked(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryHighlightImageButton: void setOnCheckedChangeListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryHighlightImageButton$OnCheckedChangeListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryHighlightImageButton$SavedState
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryHighlightImageButton$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryImageSwitcher
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryImageSwitcher: AviaryImageSwitcher(android.content.Context)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryImageSwitcher: AviaryImageSwitcher(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryImageSwitcher: void setSwitchEnabled(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryNavBarViewFlipper
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryNavBarViewFlipper: AviaryNavBarViewFlipper(android.content.Context)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryNavBarViewFlipper: AviaryNavBarViewFlipper(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryNavBarViewFlipper: void setClickable(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryNavBarViewFlipper: void setOnToolbarClickListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryNavBarViewFlipper$OnToolbarClickListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryNavBarViewFlipper: void setApplyEnabled(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryNavBarViewFlipper: void setApplyVisible(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryNavBarViewFlipper: void setApplyProgressVisible(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryNavBarViewFlipper: boolean getApplyProgressVisible()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryNavBarViewFlipper: void setDoneEnabled(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryNavBarViewFlipper: void setDoneProgressVisible(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryNavBarViewFlipper: boolean getDoneProgressVisible()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryNavBarViewFlipper: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryNavBarViewFlipper: void setTitle(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviarySeekBar
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviarySeekBar: AviarySeekBar(android.content.Context)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviarySeekBar: AviarySeekBar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviarySeekBar: AviarySeekBar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryTextView
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryTextView: AviaryTextView(android.content.Context)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryTextView: AviaryTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryTextView: AviaryTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryTextView: void setTypeface(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryToast$TN$1
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryToast$TN$2
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryToggleButton: void setTypeface(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int INVALID_VALUE
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: double EDGE_HEIGHT
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable mShadowBottom
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: android.graphics.BitmapShader mShader
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: android.graphics.Matrix mShaderMatrix
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: android.view.GestureDetector mGestureDetector
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ScrollerRunnable mScroller
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: double mCurrentValue
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: boolean mToLeft
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: boolean mLayoutCompleted
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: boolean mInLayout
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable mLinesIndicator
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable mLinesSingle
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: android.graphics.Paint mLinesPaint
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int mShaderWidth
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int mLastMotionValue
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int mLineWidth
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int mMinX
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int mMaxX
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int mNextValue
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: float mEdgeOffset
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryEdgeEffect mEdgeLeft
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryEdgeEffect mEdgeRight
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: android.graphics.Matrix mEdgeMatrixLeft
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: android.graphics.Matrix mEdgeMatrixRight
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int mEdgeStyle
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.VibrationHelper mVibrationHelper
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel$OnWheelChangeListener mScrollListener
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: float mScaledDensity
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: android.graphics.Paint debugPaint
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int mHeightDiff
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int HARD_LIMIT
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: float SHADER_MULTIPLIER
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int MAX_DELTA
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: float mOverscrollX
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: AviaryWheel(android.content.Context)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: AviaryWheel(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: AviaryWheel(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void init(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void setOnWheelChangeListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel$OnWheelChangeListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void setValue(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int getValue()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int getPositionFromValue(double)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: double getValueFromPosition(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: boolean onTouchEvent(android.view.MotionEvent)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void onLayout(boolean,int,int,int,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void onSizeChanged(int,int,int,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void createShader(int,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void onMeasure(int,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int getSuggestedMinimumHeight()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int getSuggestedMinimumWidth()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: boolean onUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void computeScroll()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: boolean onDown(android.view.MotionEvent)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: boolean onFling(android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent,float,float)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void onLongPress(android.view.MotionEvent)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: boolean onScroll(android.view.MotionEvent,android.view.MotionEvent,float,float)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void onShowPress(android.view.MotionEvent)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: boolean onSingleTapUp(android.view.MotionEvent)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int getRange()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int getMaxX()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: int getMinX()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void scrollIntoSlots()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void onFinishedMovement()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void trackMotionScroll(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void trackMotionValue(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void scrollCompleted()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void scrollStarted()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void scrollRunning()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: void setVibrationEnabled(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWheel: boolean getVibrationEnabled()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: void setOnPageChangeListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace$OnPageChangeListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: AviaryWorkspace(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: AviaryWorkspace(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: void setOverScroll(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: int getOverScroll()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: void setAllowChildSelection(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: android.widget.Adapter getAdapter()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: void setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: int getCurrentScreen()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: int getTotalPages()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: void setCurrentScreen(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: int getTotalWidth()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: void setNextSelectedPositionInt(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: void setSelectedPositionInt(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: void setEnabled(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: void setCacheEnabled(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: void setAllowLongPress(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace: void setIndicator(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspaceIndicator)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace$1
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace$2
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace$SavedState
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspace$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspaceIndicator
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.AviaryWorkspaceIndicator: AviaryWorkspaceIndicator(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: CellLayout(android.content.Context)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: CellLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: CellLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: void setNumCols(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: void setNumRows(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: int getCountX()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: int getCountY()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: int getCellWidth()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: int getCellHeight()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: int getLeftPadding()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: int getTopPadding()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: int getRightPadding()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: int getBottomPadding()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: void setChildrenDrawingCacheEnabled(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: void setChildrenDrawnWithCacheEnabled(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CellLayout: void setEnabled(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CropImageView
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CropImageView: CropImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CropImageView: CropImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CropImageView: void setOnHighlightSingleTapUpConfirmedListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CropImageView$OnHighlightSingleTapUpConfirmedListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CropImageView: void setMinCropSize(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CropImageView: void setHighlightView(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.HighlightView)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CropImageView: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.HighlightView getHighlightView()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CropImageView: double getAspectRatio()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CropImageView: boolean getAspectRatioIsFixed()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CropImageView$1
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CropImageView$2
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.CropImageView$3
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.DrawableHighlightView$AlignModeV: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.DrawableHighlightView$AlignModeV[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.DrawableHighlightView$AlignModeV: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.DrawableHighlightView$AlignModeV valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.EffectThumbLayout
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.EffectThumbLayout: EffectThumbLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.EffectThumbLayout: void setSelected(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.EffectThumbLayout: void setIsOpened(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.EffectThumbLayout$1
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.EffectThumbLayout$2
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.EffectThumbLayout$3
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.HighlightView$1
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.HighlightView$Mode: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.HighlightView$Mode[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.HighlightView$Mode: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.HighlightView$Mode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.IAPDialog$1
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.IAPDialog$2$1
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.IAPDialog$2$2
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.IAPDialog$3$1
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.IAPDialog$BackgroundImageLoaderListener$1
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewDrawableOverlay
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewDrawableOverlay: ImageViewDrawableOverlay(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewDrawableOverlay: ImageViewDrawableOverlay(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewDrawableOverlay: int getOverlayStyleId()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewDrawableOverlay: void setScaleWithContent(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewDrawableOverlay: boolean getScaleWithContent()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewDrawableOverlay: void setForceSingleSelection(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewDrawableOverlay: void setDropTargetListener(com.aviary.android.feather.library.services.drag.DropTarget$DropTargetListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewDrawableOverlay: void setOnDrawableEventListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewDrawableOverlay$OnDrawableEventListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewDrawableOverlay: int getHighlightCount()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewDrawableOverlay: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.DrawableHighlightView getSelectedHighlightView()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewDrawableOverlay: void setSelectedHighlightView(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.DrawableHighlightView)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw: ImageViewSpotDraw(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw: ImageViewSpotDraw(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw: void setOnDrawStartListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw$OnDrawListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw: void setDrawLimit(double)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw: void setBrushSize(float)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw$TouchMode getDrawMode()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw: void setDrawMode(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw$TouchMode)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw: android.graphics.Paint getPaint()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw: void setPaint(android.graphics.Paint)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw: void setPaintEnabled(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw: android.graphics.RectF getImageRect()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw$TouchMode: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw$TouchMode[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw$TouchMode: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewSpotDraw$TouchMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch: ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch: ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch: void setOnDrawStartListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch$OnTiltShiftDrawListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch: void setPointWaveEnabled(boolean)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch: void setFadeoutTimeout(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch: void setFadeoutDuration(int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch: void setTiltShiftDrawMode(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch$TiltShiftDrawMode)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch$TiltShiftDrawMode getTiltShiftDrawMode()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch: android.graphics.RectF getImageRect()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch$FadeOutRunnable
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch$TiltShiftDrawMode: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch$TiltShiftDrawMode[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch$TiltShiftDrawMode: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTiltiShiftTouch$TiltShiftDrawMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw: ImageViewTouchAndDraw(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw: ImageViewTouchAndDraw(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw: void setOnDrawStartListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw$OnDrawStartListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw: void setOnDrawPathListener(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw$OnDrawPathListener)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw$TouchMode getDrawMode()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw: void setDrawMode(com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw$TouchMode)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw: float getDrawingScale()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw: android.graphics.Paint getPaint()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw: void setPaint(android.graphics.Paint)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw: android.graphics.Bitmap getOverlayBitmap()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw$TouchMode: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw$TouchMode[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw$TouchMode: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ImageViewTouchAndDraw$TouchMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.PointCloud$WaveType: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.PointCloud$WaveType[] values()
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.PointCloud$WaveType: com.aviary.android.feather.widget.PointCloud$WaveType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ScrollerRunnable
com.aviary.android.feather.widget.ScrollerRunnable$ScrollableView
com.umeng.analytics.Gender: com.umeng.analytics.Gender[] values()
com.umeng.analytics.Gender: com.umeng.analytics.Gender valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.umeng.analytics.b$a
com.umeng.analytics.d$a
com.umeng.analytics.d$b
com.umeng.analytics.onlineconfig.a$b
com.umeng.common.net.DownloadingService
com.umeng.common.net.DownloadingService: DownloadingService()
com.umeng.common.net.DownloadingService$b
com.umeng.common.net.g
com.umeng.common.net.h
com.umeng.common.net.i
com.umeng.common.net.j
com.umeng.common.net.o$a: com.umeng.common.net.o$a[] values()
com.umeng.common.net.o$a: com.umeng.common.net.o$a valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.umeng.common.net.p$b: com.umeng.common.net.p$b[] values()
com.umeng.common.net.p$b: com.umeng.common.net.p$b valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.umeng.common.net.q
com.umeng.common.util.DeltaUpdate
com.umeng.common.util.DeltaUpdate: int bspatch(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.umeng.update.e
com.umeng.update.f
com.weibo.sdk.android.R$color: int dialog_title_blue
com.weibo.sdk.android.R$color: int text_num_gray
com.weibo.sdk.android.R$color: int transparent
com.weibo.sdk.android.R$dimen: int weibosdk_dialog_bottom_margin
com.weibo.sdk.android.R$dimen: int weibosdk_dialog_left_margin
com.weibo.sdk.android.R$dimen: int weibosdk_dialog_right_margin
com.weibo.sdk.android.R$dimen: int weibosdk_dialog_top_margin
com.weibo.sdk.android.R$drawable: int weibosdk_dialog_bg
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$AUTHOR_FILTER: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$AUTHOR_FILTER[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$AUTHOR_FILTER: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$AUTHOR_FILTER valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$CAPITAL: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$CAPITAL[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$CAPITAL: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$CAPITAL valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$COMMENTS_TYPE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$COMMENTS_TYPE[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$COMMENTS_TYPE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$COMMENTS_TYPE valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$COUNT_TYPE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$COUNT_TYPE[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$COUNT_TYPE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$COUNT_TYPE valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$EMOTION_TYPE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$EMOTION_TYPE[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$EMOTION_TYPE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$EMOTION_TYPE valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$FEATURE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$FEATURE[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$FEATURE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$FEATURE valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$FRIEND_TYPE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$FRIEND_TYPE[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$FRIEND_TYPE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$FRIEND_TYPE valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$LANGUAGE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$LANGUAGE[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$LANGUAGE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$LANGUAGE valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$RANGE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$RANGE[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$RANGE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$RANGE valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SCHOOL_TYPE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SCHOOL_TYPE[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SCHOOL_TYPE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SCHOOL_TYPE valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SORT: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SORT[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SORT: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SORT valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SORT2: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SORT2[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SORT2: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SORT2 valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SORT3: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SORT3[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SORT3: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SORT3 valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SRC_FILTER: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SRC_FILTER[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SRC_FILTER: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$SRC_FILTER valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$STATUSES_TYPE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$STATUSES_TYPE[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$STATUSES_TYPE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$STATUSES_TYPE valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$TYPE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$TYPE[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$TYPE: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$TYPE valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$TYPE_FILTER: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$TYPE_FILTER[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$TYPE_FILTER: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$TYPE_FILTER valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$USER_CATEGORY: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$USER_CATEGORY[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$USER_CATEGORY: com.weibo.sdk.android.api.WeiboAPI$USER_CATEGORY valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.weibo.sdk.android.net.AsyncWeiboRunner$1
com.weibo.sdk.android.net.NetStateManager$NetState: com.weibo.sdk.android.net.NetStateManager$NetState[] values()
com.weibo.sdk.android.net.NetStateManager$NetState: com.weibo.sdk.android.net.NetStateManager$NetState valueOf(java.lang.String)
it.sephiroth.android.library.ab.AB$Group: it.sephiroth.android.library.ab.AB$Group[] values()
it.sephiroth.android.library.ab.AB$Group: it.sephiroth.android.library.ab.AB$Group valueOf(java.lang.String)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouch
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouch: ImageViewTouch(android.content.Context)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouch: ImageViewTouch(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouch: ImageViewTouch(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouch: void setDoubleTapListener(it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouch$OnImageViewTouchDoubleTapListener)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouch: void setSingleTapListener(it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouch$OnImageViewTouchSingleTapListener)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouch: void setDoubleTapEnabled(boolean)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouch: void setScaleEnabled(boolean)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouch: void setScrollEnabled(boolean)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouch: boolean getDoubleTapEnabled()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouch: android.view.GestureDetector$OnGestureListener getGestureListener()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouch: android.view.ScaleGestureDetector$OnScaleGestureListener getScaleListener()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: ImageViewTouchBase(android.content.Context)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: ImageViewTouchBase(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: ImageViewTouchBase(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: void setOnDrawableChangedListener(it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase$OnDrawableChangeListener)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: void setOnLayoutChangeListener(it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase$OnLayoutChangeListener)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: void setScaleType(android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: void setDisplayType(it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase$DisplayType)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase$DisplayType getDisplayType()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: void setMinScale(float)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: void setMaxScale(float)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: void setImageResource(int)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: float getMaxScale()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: float getMinScale()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: android.graphics.Matrix getImageViewMatrix()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: void setImageMatrix(android.graphics.Matrix)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: android.graphics.Matrix getDisplayMatrix()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: android.graphics.RectF getBitmapRect()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: float getRotation()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: float getScale()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase: android.graphics.PointF getCenter()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase$1
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase$2
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase$3
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase$DisplayType: it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase$DisplayType[] values()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase$DisplayType: it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.ImageViewTouchBase$DisplayType valueOf(java.lang.String)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Back: Back()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Back: double easeOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Back: double easeIn(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Back: double easeInOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Back: double easeIn(double,double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Back: double easeOut(double,double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Back: double easeInOut(double,double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Bounce: Bounce()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Bounce: double easeOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Bounce: double easeIn(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Bounce: double easeInOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Circ: Circ()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Circ: double easeOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Circ: double easeIn(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Circ: double easeInOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Cubic: Cubic()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Cubic: double easeOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Cubic: double easeIn(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Cubic: double easeInOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Easing
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Easing: double easeOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Easing: double easeIn(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Easing: double easeInOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Elastic: Elastic()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Elastic: double easeIn(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Elastic: double easeIn(double,double,double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Elastic: double easeOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Elastic: double easeOut(double,double,double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Elastic: double easeInOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Elastic: double easeInOut(double,double,double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Expo: Expo()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Expo: double easeOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Expo: double easeIn(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Expo: double easeInOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Linear: Linear()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Linear: double easeNone(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Linear: double easeOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Linear: double easeIn(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Linear: double easeInOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Quad: Quad()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Quad: double easeOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Quad: double easeIn(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Quad: double easeInOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Quart: Quart()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Quart: double easeOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Quart: double easeIn(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Quart: double easeInOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Quint: Quint()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Quint: double easeOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Quint: double easeIn(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Quint: double easeInOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Sine: Sine()
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Sine: double easeOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Sine: double easeIn(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.imagezoom.easing.Sine: double easeInOut(double,double,double,double)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalListView: HorizontalListView(android.content.Context)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalListView: HorizontalListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalListView: HorizontalListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: void setOnItemDragListener(it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalListView$OnItemDragListener)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: void setOnScrollListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver$OnScrollChangedListener)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: void setOnLayoutChangeListener(it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalListView$OnLayoutChangeListener)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: void setOnScrollFinishedListener(it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalListView$OnScrollFinishedListener)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalListView$OnItemDragListener getOnItemDragListener()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: void setSelectionMode(it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView$SelectionMode)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView$SelectionMode getChoiceMode()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: HorizontalVariableListView(android.content.Context)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: HorizontalVariableListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: HorizontalVariableListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: void setOverScrollMode(int)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: void setDragScrollEnabled(boolean)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: boolean getDragScrollEnabled()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: int getSelectedPosition()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: int[] getSelectedPositions()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: void setOnItemSelectedListener(android.widget.AdapterView$OnItemSelectedListener)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: void setOnItemClickedListener(it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView$OnItemClickedListener)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: android.widget.ListAdapter getAdapter()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: android.view.View getSelectedView()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: void setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: void setSelection(int)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: int getViewWidth()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: int getFirstVisiblePosition()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: int getLastVisiblePosition()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: void setIsDragging(boolean)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: int getCurrentScrollX()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: int getScrollRange()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: int getMinX()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: int getMaxX()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: void setDragTolerance(int)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: void setGravity(int)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: int getGravity()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: void setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView: android.widget.Adapter getAdapter()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView$4
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView$FlingScroller
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView$ScrollNotifier
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView$SelectionMode: it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView$SelectionMode[] values()
it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView$SelectionMode: it.sephiroth.android.library.widget.HorizontalVariableListView$SelectionMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
magic.yuyong.R$anim: int activity_close_enter
magic.yuyong.R$anim: int activity_close_exit
magic.yuyong.R$anim: int activity_open_enter
magic.yuyong.R$anim: int activity_open_exit
magic.yuyong.R$anim: int aviary_bottobar_in_animation
magic.yuyong.R$anim: int aviary_bottobar_out_animation
magic.yuyong.R$anim: int aviary_iap_close_animation
magic.yuyong.R$anim: int aviary_iap_layout_animation
magic.yuyong.R$anim: int aviary_push_up_in
magic.yuyong.R$anim: int aviary_push_up_out
magic.yuyong.R$anim: int aviary_slide_in_top
magic.yuyong.R$anim: int aviary_toast_exit
magic.yuyong.R$anim: int layout_bottom_to_top_slide
magic.yuyong.R$anim: int slide_right
magic.yuyong.R$array: int aviary_crop_labels
magic.yuyong.R$array: int aviary_crop_values
magic.yuyong.R$array: int aviary_draw_brush_sizes
magic.yuyong.R$array: int aviary_draw_fill_colors
magic.yuyong.R$array: int aviary_spot_brush_sizes
magic.yuyong.R$array: int aviary_text_fill_colors
magic.yuyong.R$array: int borders_list
magic.yuyong.R$array: int time_line_navigation
magic.yuyong.R$array: int type_name
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryAdjustDividerWeight
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryAdjustImageViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryAdjustItemWeight
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleCenterButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryBackgroundColor
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarHeight
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarHorizontalViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarLogoContainerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarLogoImageStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarOptionPanelContainerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarOptionPanelContainerStyleNoMargin
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarOptionPanelStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarToolFeedBackStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarToolImageStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarToolStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarToolTextStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryBottomBarViewFlipperStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryColorSplashOptionPanelToggleButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryColorSplashOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryColorSplashOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryCropHighlightStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryCropImageViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryCrosshair_enabled
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryCustomDialogButtonSecondaryStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryCustomDialogButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryDefaultTextStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEdgeEffectDefaultStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbDividerLeftContainerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbDividerLeftStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbDividerRightContainerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbDividerRightStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbDividerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbDividerTextStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbHiddenSelector
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbLayoutExternalStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbLayoutStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEffectThumbTextStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEffectsHorizontalViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEnhanceItemWeight
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEnhanceOptionPanelToggleCenterButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEnhanceOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryEnhanceOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryFeedbackDialogDividerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryFeedbackDialogStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryFeedbackDialogTextMessageStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryFeedbackDialogTextVersionStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryFocusOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryFocusOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryFontLight
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryFontRegular
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryBottomIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryItemContainerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryItemCropImageViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryItemCropTextCustomStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryItemCropTextNormalStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryItemDividerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryItemHighlightImageStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryGalleryTopIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryHiddenEditTextStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryHiddenEditTextStyleMultiline
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryHighlightImageButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogContainerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogDownloadButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogGridBackground
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogGridTopStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogHeightWeight
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogIcon
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogMainLayout
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogMarginTopWeight
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogShadowBottom
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogShadowTop
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogTextStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogTitleStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogWidthWeight
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogWorkspaceIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryIAPDialogWorkspaceStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlaySticker
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlayStickerHighlightStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlayText
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlayTextHighlightStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryLensViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryLoaderToastStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryMainImagePadding
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryMemeButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryMemeClearButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryNavBarHeight
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryNavBarStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryNavButtonApplyStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryNavButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryNavDividerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryNavTitleStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelBottomIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelBottomLineStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelDefaultButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelToggleButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelToggleCenterButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryOptionPanelTopIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryPanelDisabledStatusBackground
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryPreviewFillDrawableStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryPreviewSpotDrawableStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryPreviewSpotViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryPrimaryButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarActionBar
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarActionBarHeight
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarActionBarWidth
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarLarge
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarLargeInverse
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarMedium
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarMediumInverse
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarSmall
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryProgressBarSmallInverse
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviarySecondaryButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviarySeekBarSecondary
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviarySeekBarSecondaryCenter
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviarySeekBarSecondaryInverted
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviarySeekBarStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviarySeekBarThumb
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviarySeekBarThumbOffset
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviarySplashDividerWeight
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviarySplashItemWeight
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviarySymbolMinusStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviarySymbolPlusStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryTiltShiftViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryToastExitAnimation
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryToggleButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryWave_animationDuration
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryWave_innerRadius
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryWave_outerRadius
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryWave_pointDrawable
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryWheelIndicator
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryWheelLine
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryWheelShadowTop
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviaryWheelStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_animationDuration
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_animationDuration2
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_bg_color1
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_bg_color2
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_blendMode
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_cellBottomPadding
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_cellEndPadding
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_cellStartPadding
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_cellTopPadding
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_cells
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_checked
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_color1
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_color2
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_color3
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_color4
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_crosshair_edge
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_crosshair_radius
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_crosshair_strokeWidth
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_defaultScreen
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_deleteDrawable
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_direction
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_drawableStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_edgeColor
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_edgeDrawable
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_edgeStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_enable3d
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_freeRotate
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_glowDrawable
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_glowMode
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_glowSize
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_handle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_highlightColorChecked
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_highlightColorPressed
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_highlightColorSelected
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_highlightMode
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_highlightStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_horizontalPadding
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_indicatorId
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_indicatorSize
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_layout_direction
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_minCropSize
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_minSize
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_moveEnabled
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_offsety
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_orientation
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_overscroll
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_radius
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_resizeEdgeMode
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_resizeEnabled
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_rotateDrawable
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_rotateEnabled
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_rows
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_shape_defaultsize
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_shape_maxsize
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_shape_minsize
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_strokeColor
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_strokeColor2
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_strokeColor3
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_strokeColor4
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_strokeWidth
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_strokeWidth2
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_textPerc
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_timeout
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_toggleable
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_typeface
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_untoggleable
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int aviary_verticalPadding
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int centered
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int clipPadding
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int defaultSrc
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int fadeDelay
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int fadeLength
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int fades
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int fillColor
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int footerColor
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int footerIndicatorHeight
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int footerIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int footerIndicatorUnderlinePadding
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int footerLineHeight
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int footerPadding
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int gapWidth
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int inDensity
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int linePosition
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int lineWidth
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int pageColor
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int radius
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int selectedBold
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int selectedColor
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int snap
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int strokeColor
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int strokeWidth
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int textAppearance
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int textAppearanceInverted
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int textAppearanceLarge
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargeInverted
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int textAppearanceMedium
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int textAppearanceMediumInverted
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmall
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallInverted
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallNoSelection
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int textColor
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int textGap
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int textSize
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int titlePadding
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int topPadding
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int unselectedColor
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int url
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int vpiCirclePageIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int vpiIconPageIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int vpiLinePageIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int vpiTabPageIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int vpiTitlePageIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$attr: int vpiUnderlinePageIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$bool: int default_circle_indicator_centered
magic.yuyong.R$bool: int default_circle_indicator_snap
magic.yuyong.R$bool: int default_line_indicator_centered
magic.yuyong.R$bool: int default_title_indicator_selected_bold
magic.yuyong.R$bool: int default_underline_indicator_fades
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_adjust_fill_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_adjust_internal_stroke_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_adjust_stroke_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_background_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_bottom_primary_color_inverse_dark
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_bottom_primary_color_inverse_light
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_circle_background_normal
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_circle_background_selected
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_circle_dark
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_circle_light
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_circle_selected_dark
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_circle_selected_light
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_crop_fill_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_crop_fill_color_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_crop_stroke_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_crop_stroke_color_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_crop_stroke_internal_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_crop_stroke_internal_color_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_effect_thumb_stroke_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_gallery_item_background_color2
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_highlighted_text_light
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_highlighted_text_light_inverted
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_hint_foreground_light
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_hint_foreground_light_inverted
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_iap_background
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_iap_cell_layout_background
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_link_text_light
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_link_text_light_inverted
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_logo_primary_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_logo_secondary_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_main_loader_background
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_meme_stroke_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_meme_text_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_nav_divider_dark
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_nav_divider_light
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_nav_primary_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_nav_secondary_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_panel_disabled_status
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_primary_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_primary_color_inverted
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_primary_color_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_primary_color_pressed_inverted
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_primary_highlight_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_primary_highlight_color_inverted
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_text_highlight_background_inner_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_text_highlight_background_normal
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_tool_text_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_tool_text_color_inverted
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_tool_text_color_no_selected
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_workspace_indicator_normal_endColor
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_workspace_indicator_normal_startColor
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_workspace_indicator_selected_endColor
magic.yuyong.R$color: int aviary_workspace_indicator_selected_startColor
magic.yuyong.R$color: int default_circle_indicator_fill_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int default_circle_indicator_page_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int default_circle_indicator_stroke_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int default_line_indicator_selected_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int default_line_indicator_unselected_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int default_title_indicator_footer_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int default_title_indicator_selected_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int default_title_indicator_text_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int default_underline_indicator_selected_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int pressed_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$color: int theme_color
magic.yuyong.R$color: int twitter_item_bg_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$color: int twitter_item_bg_unpressed
magic.yuyong.R$color: int vpi__background_holo_dark
magic.yuyong.R$color: int vpi__background_holo_light
magic.yuyong.R$color: int vpi__bright_foreground_disabled_holo_dark
magic.yuyong.R$color: int vpi__bright_foreground_disabled_holo_light
magic.yuyong.R$color: int vpi__bright_foreground_holo_dark
magic.yuyong.R$color: int vpi__bright_foreground_holo_light
magic.yuyong.R$color: int vpi__bright_foreground_inverse_holo_dark
magic.yuyong.R$color: int vpi__bright_foreground_inverse_holo_light
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int avatar
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_adjust_button_padding_left
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_adjust_button_padding_right
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_adjust_strokeWidth
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_adjust_strokeWidth2
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_bottombar_height
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_color_splash_brush_size
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_color_splash_button_padding_left
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_color_splash_button_padding_right
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_crop_min_size
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_crop_stroke_internal_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_crop_stroke_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_effect_thumb_margin_bottom
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_effect_thumb_padding
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_effect_thumb_radius
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_effect_thumb_stroke
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_enhance_button_padding_left
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_enhance_button_padding_right
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_focus_button_padding_left
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_focus_button_padding_right
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_frame_item_image_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_frame_item_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_gallery_bottom_indicator_height
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_gallery_item_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_gallery_margin_bottom
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_gallery_margin_top
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_gallery_mid_indicator_height
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_gallery_top_indicator_height
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_main_image_padding
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_main_loader_padding
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_main_loader_radius
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_nav_divider
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_nav_divider_double
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_nav_height
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_navbar_height
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_navbar_progress_height
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_navbar_progress_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_optionpanel_button_padding_bottom
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_optionpanel_button_padding_left
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_optionpanel_button_padding_right
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_optionpanel_button_padding_top
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_spot_toast_height
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_spot_toast_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_sticker_overlay_min_size
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_sticker_overlay_padding
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_sticker_pack_image_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_sticker_pack_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_sticker_single_item_image_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_sticker_single_item_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_textSizeIAPTitle
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_textSizeLarge
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_textSizeMedium
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_textSizeSmall
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_textSizeTools
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_text_highlight_background_inner_stroke_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_text_highlight_background_radius
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_text_highlight_background_stroke_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_text_overlay_default_size
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_text_overlay_min_size
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_text_overlay_padding
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int aviary_wheel_margin_horizontal
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int default_circle_indicator_radius
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int default_circle_indicator_stroke_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int default_line_indicator_gap_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int default_line_indicator_line_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int default_line_indicator_stroke_width
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int default_title_indicator_clip_padding
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int default_title_indicator_footer_indicator_height
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int default_title_indicator_footer_indicator_underline_padding
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int default_title_indicator_footer_line_height
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int default_title_indicator_footer_padding
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int default_title_indicator_text_size
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int default_title_indicator_title_padding
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int default_title_indicator_top_padding
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int progress_bar_w
magic.yuyong.R$dimen: int right_bar_w
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int ab_background_textured_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int ab_bottom_solid_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int ab_solid_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int ab_stacked_solid_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int ab_texture_tile_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int ab_transparent_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int action_search
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int action_settings
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int actionbar_shadow
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aini
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aoteman
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int at
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int at_light
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int avatar
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_adjust_knob
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_blue_button_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_blue_button_background_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_blue_button_background_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_hline
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_logo_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_thumb_divider_left
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_thumb_divider_right
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_thumb_external_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_tools_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_vline
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_vline_inverted
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_bottombar_vline_selector
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_crop_invert_indicator
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_crop_invert_indicator_inverted
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_crop_invert_indicator_selector
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_crop_invert_indicator_transparent
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_delete_knob
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_effect_item_getmore
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_effects_pack_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_external_packs_download_icon
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_frame_divider_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_frame_item_getmore
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_frame_item_selected_image
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_frames_pack_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_gallery_default_background_selector
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_gallery_middle_divider
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_gray_button_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_gray_button_background_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_gray_button_background_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_hidden_edittext_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_hidden_textfield_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_home_dialog_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_iap_grid_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_iap_grid_background_inverted
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_iap_workspace_indicator_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_iap_workspace_indicator_selected
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_iap_workspace_indicator_selector
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_circle
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_enhance_brighten
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_enhance_colorfix
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_enhance_hd
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_eraser
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_eraser_small
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_flip_horizontal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_flip_vertical
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_free
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_na
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_rectangle
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_rotate_left
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_rotate_right
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_ic_smart
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_knob
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_lens_image
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_logo_big
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_main_loader_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_meme_button_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_meme_clear_button
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_nav_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_nav_button_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_nav_button_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_nav_check
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_nav_divider
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_overscroll_edge
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_overscroll_glow
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_powered
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_resize_knob
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_background_image
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_secondary_center_selector
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_secondary_inverted_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_secondary_inverted_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_secondary_inverted_selector
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_secondary_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_secondary_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_secondary_selector
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_thumb
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_thumb_focused
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_thumb_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_thumb_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_thumb_zero_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_seekbar_thumb_zero_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_shadow_bottom
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_shadown_top
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_sticker_highlight_background_selector
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_sticker_item_getmore
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_sticker_pack_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_symbol_minus_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_symbol_plus_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_text_highlight_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_text_highlight_bg_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_text_highlight_bg_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_toast_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_center_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_center_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_left_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_left_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_right_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_button_right_pressed
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_center_button_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_blemish
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_brightness
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_colorsplash
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_contrast
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_crop
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_draw
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_effects
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_enhance
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_feedback
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_focus
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_frames
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_meme
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_orientation
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_redeye
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_saturation
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_sharpen
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_stickers
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_text
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_warmth
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_ic_whiten
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_left_button_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tool_right_button_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_tools_divider
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_update_arrow
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_wave_dot
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_wheel_background
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_wheel_container
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_wheel_indicator
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_wheel_line
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_wheel_shadow
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int aviary_wheel_shadow_bottom
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int baobao
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int bishi
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int bizui
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int btn_cab_done_default_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int btn_cab_done_focused_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int btn_cab_done_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int btn_cab_done_pressed_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int btn_default_disabled_holo_dark
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int button_body_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int cab_background_bottom_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int cab_background_top_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int chanzui
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int check
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int checkbox_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int chijing
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int comment
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int content_copy
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int content_discard
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int content_edit
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int content_picture
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int content_save
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int dahaqi
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int dashed_line
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int dashes
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int device_access_camera
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int dot_active
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int dot_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int edit
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int emoticon_light
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int face_item_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int female
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int friend_tile_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int good
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int gradient_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int guzhang
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int haha
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int haixiu
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int han
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int headbar_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int hehe
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int heng
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int home
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int huaxin
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int ic_pulltorefresh_arrow
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int ic_stickers
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int images_rotate_left
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int images_rotate_right
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int intro_clouds_bottom
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int intro_clouds_top
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int jiong
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int jiyan
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int keai
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int kelian
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int ku
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int kun
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int landelini
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int lei
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int list
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int list_focused_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int male
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int menu_dropdown_panel_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int more
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int navigation_accept
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int navigation_refresh
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int notification_icon
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int notification_num_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int nu
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int numa
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int old_switch_thumb_disabled_holo_light
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int pop_item_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int pressed_background_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int profile
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int profile_head_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int progress_bg_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int progress_horizontal_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int progress_primary_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int progress_secondary_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int qian
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int qinqin
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int rating_important
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int rating_not_important
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int rect_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int return_from_full_screen
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int round_rect_but_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int round_rect_solid_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int search_input
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int selectable_background_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int shadow
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int shengbing
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int shiwang
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int shuai2
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int shuijiao
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int sikao
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int social_chat
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int social_forward
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int social_group
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int social_person
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int social_send_now
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int social_share
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int sort_by
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int spinner_ab_default_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int spinner_ab_disabled_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int spinner_ab_focused_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int spinner_ab_pressed_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int spinner_background_ab_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int tab_indicator_ab_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int tab_selected_focused_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int tab_selected_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int tab_selected_pressed_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int tab_unselected_focused_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int tab_unselected_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int tab_unselected_pressed_magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int taikaixin
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int taiyang
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int time_indicator_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int timeline
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int touxiao
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int translucence_but_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int tu
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int twitter_item_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int umeng_common_gradient_green
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int umeng_common_gradient_orange
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int umeng_common_gradient_red
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int umeng_fb_dev_bubble
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int umeng_fb_user_bubble
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int umeng_update_button_cancel_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int umeng_update_button_cancel_selector
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int umeng_update_button_cancel_tap
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int umeng_update_button_ok_normal
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int umeng_update_button_ok_selector
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int umeng_update_button_ok_tap
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int umeng_update_dialog_bg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int umeng_update_wifi_disable
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int wabikong
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int weiqu
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int weiwu
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int windowsbg
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int xin
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int xixi
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int xu
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int yiwen
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int youhenhen
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int yu
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int yun
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int zhuakuang
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int zhutou
magic.yuyong.R$drawable: int zuohenhen
magic.yuyong.R$id: int about_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int all_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int app_name
magic.yuyong.R$id: int appname
magic.yuyong.R$id: int arrow
magic.yuyong.R$id: int at
magic.yuyong.R$id: int at_ico
magic.yuyong.R$id: int at_ta
magic.yuyong.R$id: int attention_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int avatar
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_bottom_line
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_bottombar
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_button
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_button1
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_button2
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_button3
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_button4
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_button_circle
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_button_minus
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_button_plus
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_button_rectangle
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_clear_button1
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_clear_button2
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_content_view
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_crop_image
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_description
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_disable_status
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_divider_left
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_divider_right
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_error_message
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_flipper
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_gallery
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_gallery2
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_head
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_hidden
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_icon
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_image
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_image2
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_invisible_text_1
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_invisible_text_2
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_lens_button
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_list
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_list_packs
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_list_stickers
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_loader
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_main_iap_dialog
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_main_iap_dialog_container
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_meme_dumb
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_navbar
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_overlay
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_panel
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_progress
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_retry_button
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_seekbar
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_switcher
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_text
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_title
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_tool_view
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_tools_listview
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_top_line
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_version
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_wheel
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_white_logo
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_workspace
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_workspace_container
magic.yuyong.R$id: int aviary_workspace_indicator
magic.yuyong.R$id: int back_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int bilateral_all
magic.yuyong.R$id: int bilateral_original
magic.yuyong.R$id: int bottom
magic.yuyong.R$id: int button1
magic.yuyong.R$id: int button2
magic.yuyong.R$id: int button3
magic.yuyong.R$id: int buttons
magic.yuyong.R$id: int camera
magic.yuyong.R$id: int center_buttons
magic.yuyong.R$id: int check_box
magic.yuyong.R$id: int check_content
magic.yuyong.R$id: int check_text
magic.yuyong.R$id: int checked
magic.yuyong.R$id: int clear
magic.yuyong.R$id: int clouds_bottom
magic.yuyong.R$id: int clouds_top
magic.yuyong.R$id: int comment
magic.yuyong.R$id: int comment_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int comment_ico
magic.yuyong.R$id: int comment_num
magic.yuyong.R$id: int comments_count
magic.yuyong.R$id: int container
magic.yuyong.R$id: int content
magic.yuyong.R$id: int coordinate
magic.yuyong.R$id: int copy
magic.yuyong.R$id: int delete
magic.yuyong.R$id: int description
magic.yuyong.R$id: int desk_view
magic.yuyong.R$id: int divide_view
magic.yuyong.R$id: int divider
magic.yuyong.R$id: int donate_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int down_top
magic.yuyong.R$id: int dragLayer
magic.yuyong.R$id: int drawing_view_container
magic.yuyong.R$id: int edge_bottom
magic.yuyong.R$id: int edge_left
magic.yuyong.R$id: int edge_right
magic.yuyong.R$id: int edge_top
magic.yuyong.R$id: int exit_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int face
magic.yuyong.R$id: int face_view
magic.yuyong.R$id: int favorite
magic.yuyong.R$id: int favourit
magic.yuyong.R$id: int favourit_lay
magic.yuyong.R$id: int feather_dialogs_container
magic.yuyong.R$id: int feedback_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int flip_board
magic.yuyong.R$id: int flip_board_bg
magic.yuyong.R$id: int follow
magic.yuyong.R$id: int follower
magic.yuyong.R$id: int follower_lay
magic.yuyong.R$id: int followers
magic.yuyong.R$id: int following
magic.yuyong.R$id: int following_lay
magic.yuyong.R$id: int forward
magic.yuyong.R$id: int friends_list
magic.yuyong.R$id: int from
magic.yuyong.R$id: int gender
magic.yuyong.R$id: int group_lay
magic.yuyong.R$id: int has_pic
magic.yuyong.R$id: int hdpi
magic.yuyong.R$id: int home
magic.yuyong.R$id: int horizontal
magic.yuyong.R$id: int image
magic.yuyong.R$id: int image_loading_view
magic.yuyong.R$id: int imagegl
magic.yuyong.R$id: int img
magic.yuyong.R$id: int indicator
magic.yuyong.R$id: int is_choose
magic.yuyong.R$id: int ldpi
magic.yuyong.R$id: int left
magic.yuyong.R$id: int left_slide_view
magic.yuyong.R$id: int list_view
magic.yuyong.R$id: int load_more
magic.yuyong.R$id: int location
magic.yuyong.R$id: int login_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int main_content
magic.yuyong.R$id: int mdpi
magic.yuyong.R$id: int menu_group_all
magic.yuyong.R$id: int more_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int msg
magic.yuyong.R$id: int name
magic.yuyong.R$id: int navbar_button1
magic.yuyong.R$id: int navbar_button2
magic.yuyong.R$id: int navbar_divider1
magic.yuyong.R$id: int navbar_divider2
magic.yuyong.R$id: int navbar_progress1
magic.yuyong.R$id: int navbar_progress2
magic.yuyong.R$id: int navbar_text1
magic.yuyong.R$id: int navbar_text2
magic.yuyong.R$id: int new_post
magic.yuyong.R$id: int nonblank
magic.yuyong.R$id: int none
magic.yuyong.R$id: int notification
magic.yuyong.R$id: int notification_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int ok
magic.yuyong.R$id: int origin_content
magic.yuyong.R$id: int origin_from
magic.yuyong.R$id: int origin_img
magic.yuyong.R$id: int origin_layout
magic.yuyong.R$id: int origin_pic
magic.yuyong.R$id: int origin_text
magic.yuyong.R$id: int origin_time
magic.yuyong.R$id: int origin_user_avatar
magic.yuyong.R$id: int origin_user_name
magic.yuyong.R$id: int pic
magic.yuyong.R$id: int pic_content
magic.yuyong.R$id: int post
magic.yuyong.R$id: int post_text
magic.yuyong.R$id: int pressed
magic.yuyong.R$id: int profile
magic.yuyong.R$id: int progress
magic.yuyong.R$id: int progress_small
magic.yuyong.R$id: int progressbar_icon
magic.yuyong.R$id: int ratate_view
magic.yuyong.R$id: int refresh
magic.yuyong.R$id: int refresh_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int refresh_view
magic.yuyong.R$id: int remark
magic.yuyong.R$id: int reply
magic.yuyong.R$id: int repost_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int repost_num
magic.yuyong.R$id: int right
magic.yuyong.R$id: int right_bar
magic.yuyong.R$id: int save
magic.yuyong.R$id: int scroll_view
magic.yuyong.R$id: int search
magic.yuyong.R$id: int search_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int search_list
magic.yuyong.R$id: int search_text
magic.yuyong.R$id: int see_original
magic.yuyong.R$id: int selected
magic.yuyong.R$id: int send
magic.yuyong.R$id: int setting
magic.yuyong.R$id: int setting_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int setting_lay
magic.yuyong.R$id: int shadow
magic.yuyong.R$id: int share
magic.yuyong.R$id: int show
magic.yuyong.R$id: int size_preview
magic.yuyong.R$id: int slide_view
magic.yuyong.R$id: int sort
magic.yuyong.R$id: int start_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int suitable
magic.yuyong.R$id: int tag_text
magic.yuyong.R$id: int text
magic.yuyong.R$id: int text1
magic.yuyong.R$id: int text2
magic.yuyong.R$id: int text3
magic.yuyong.R$id: int text_num
magic.yuyong.R$id: int time
magic.yuyong.R$id: int time_line_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int timeline_but
magic.yuyong.R$id: int timeline_mode
magic.yuyong.R$id: int title
magic.yuyong.R$id: int top
magic.yuyong.R$id: int top_down
magic.yuyong.R$id: int topic
magic.yuyong.R$id: int triangle
magic.yuyong.R$id: int twitter_board
magic.yuyong.R$id: int twitter_board_scrollview
magic.yuyong.R$id: int twitter_from
magic.yuyong.R$id: int twitter_img
magic.yuyong.R$id: int twitter_layout
magic.yuyong.R$id: int twitter_text
magic.yuyong.R$id: int twitter_time
magic.yuyong.R$id: int twitter_user_avatar
magic.yuyong.R$id: int twitter_user_name
magic.yuyong.R$id: int type
magic.yuyong.R$id: int umeng_common_app
magic.yuyong.R$id: int umeng_common_appIcon
magic.yuyong.R$id: int umeng_common_description
magic.yuyong.R$id: int umeng_common_notification
magic.yuyong.R$id: int umeng_common_notification_controller
magic.yuyong.R$id: int umeng_common_progress_bar
magic.yuyong.R$id: int umeng_common_progress_text
magic.yuyong.R$id: int umeng_common_rich_notification_cancel
magic.yuyong.R$id: int umeng_common_rich_notification_continue
magic.yuyong.R$id: int umeng_common_title
magic.yuyong.R$id: int umeng_update_content
magic.yuyong.R$id: int umeng_update_id_cancel
magic.yuyong.R$id: int umeng_update_id_ok
magic.yuyong.R$id: int umeng_update_wifi_indicator
magic.yuyong.R$id: int underline
magic.yuyong.R$id: int unread_at
magic.yuyong.R$id: int unread_cmt
magic.yuyong.R$id: int user_avatar
magic.yuyong.R$id: int user_name
magic.yuyong.R$id: int vPager
magic.yuyong.R$id: int vertical
magic.yuyong.R$id: int weibo
magic.yuyong.R$id: int weibo_lay
magic.yuyong.R$id: int xhdpi
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int anim_duration
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_adjust_animationDuration
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_adjust_animationDuration2
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_adjust_divider_weight
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_adjust_flip3d
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_adjust_free_rotate
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_adjust_item_weight
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_button_highlight_glow_size
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_color_splash_divider_weight
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_color_splash_item_weight
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_crop_invert_policy
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_crop_selected_index
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_draw_brush_index
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_draw_brush_softValue
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_draw_fill_color_index
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_enhance_item_weight
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_featured_packs_count
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_iap_dialog_cols_effects
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_iap_dialog_cols_stickers
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_iap_dialog_height_weight
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_iap_dialog_margin_top_weight
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_iap_dialog_rows_effects
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_iap_dialog_rows_stickers
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_iap_dialog_width_weight
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_mediumAnimTime
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_meme_max_length
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_meme_stroke_enabled
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_seekbar_weight
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_shortAnimTime
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_spot_brush_index
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_spot_gallery_item_max_size
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_spot_gallery_item_min_size
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_text_fill_color_index
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_text_gallery_drawable_radius
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_text_max_length
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_text_stroke_enabled
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int aviary_wheel_weight
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int border_version
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int default_circle_indicator_orientation
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int default_title_indicator_footer_indicator_style
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int default_title_indicator_line_position
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int default_underline_indicator_fade_delay
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int default_underline_indicator_fade_length
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int is_border
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int is_filter
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int is_sticker
magic.yuyong.R$integer: int is_tool
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int about
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int at_friend_item
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int at_friends
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_bottombar
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_content_adjust
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_content_crop
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_content_draw
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_content_effects
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_content_effects_gl
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_content_focus
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_content_meme
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_content_spot_draw
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_content_stickers
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_content_text
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_effect_item_more
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_feedback_dialog_view
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_frame_item
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_frame_item_divider
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_frame_item_external
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_frame_item_more
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_gallery_crop_item_view
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_gallery_crop_item_view_custom
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_gallery_item_divider
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_gallery_item_highlight_view
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_gallery_item_view
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_iap_cell_item_effects
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_iap_cell_item_stickers
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_iap_dialog
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_iap_dialog_container
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_iap_download_error_message
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_iap_workspace_screen_effects
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_iap_workspace_screen_stickers
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_main_loader
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_main_view
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_modal_progress_view
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_navbar
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_navbar_text
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_panel_adjust
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_panel_colorsplash
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_panel_crop
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_panel_draw
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_panel_enhance
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_panel_focus
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_panel_frames
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_panel_meme
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_panel_seekbar
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_panel_spot
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_panel_stickers
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_panel_wheel
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_progress_medium
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_progress_medium_inverse
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_progress_small
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_sticker_item
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_sticker_item_more
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_sticker_item_single
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_thumb_divider_left
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_thumb_divider_right
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_toast_layout
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_tool_feedback_layout
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int aviary_tool_layout
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int cache_board
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int channel
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int comment_item
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int comment_me_item
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int dialog
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int friend_item
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int friends
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int group_but
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int inner_buttons
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int loadmorelayout
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int main
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int new_post
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int prepare_pic
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int profile
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int profile_head
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int random_cache
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int refresh_head
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int search
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int search_user_item
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int setting
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int show_friends
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int show_gif
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int show_pic
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int tile
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int timeline_comments
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int timeline_list
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int timeline_mode
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int twitter_boad_right_bar
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int twitter_board
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int twitter_list_item
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int twitter_show
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int twitter_show_head
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int umeng_common_download_notification
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int umeng_update_dialog
magic.yuyong.R$layout: int weibowall
magic.yuyong.R$menu: int action_mode_timeline
magic.yuyong.R$menu: int action_mode_timeline_comment
magic.yuyong.R$menu: int getfriends
magic.yuyong.R$menu: int post
magic.yuyong.R$menu: int prepare_pic
magic.yuyong.R$menu: int profile
magic.yuyong.R$menu: int show_pic
magic.yuyong.R$menu: int timeline
magic.yuyong.R$menu: int twitter_show
magic.yuyong.R$raw: int aviary_default_effects
magic.yuyong.R$string: int UMAppUpdate
magic.yuyong.R$string: int UMBreak_Network
magic.yuyong.R$string: int UMDialog_InstallAPK
magic.yuyong.R$string: int UMGprsCondition
magic.yuyong.R$string: int UMNewVersion
magic.yuyong.R$string: int UMNotNow
magic.yuyong.R$string: int UMTargetSize
magic.yuyong.R$string: int UMToast_IsUpdating
magic.yuyong.R$string: int UMUpdateContent
magic.yuyong.R$string: int UMUpdateNow
magic.yuyong.R$string: int UMUpdateSize
magic.yuyong.R$string: int UMUpdateTitle
magic.yuyong.R$string: int about
magic.yuyong.R$string: int app_name
magic.yuyong.R$string: int aviary_meme_font
magic.yuyong.R$string: int border_name
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_about
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_all
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_at_ta
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_attention_me
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_attentions
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_back
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_back_scroll
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_cache
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_cancel
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_change
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_channel
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_clean
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_clean_cache
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_clear_smallpic
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_comment
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_copy
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_del
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_donate
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_edit
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_exit
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_favorite
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_feedback
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_follow
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_friends
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_help
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_login
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_logout
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_more
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_my
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_myico
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_notification
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_ok
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_original
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_profile
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_random
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_refresh
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_reply_comment
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_repost
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_save
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_search
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_see_original
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_send
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_setting
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_share
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_show
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_start
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_stranger
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_submit
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_suitable_size
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_timeline
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_timeline_mode
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_to_beauty
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_topic
magic.yuyong.R$string: int but_unfollow
magic.yuyong.R$string: int confirm_quit_message
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_about_dialog_message
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_activity_not_found
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_adjust
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_apply
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_attention
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_auto_enhance_label
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_back_enhance_label
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_balance_enhance_label
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_blemish
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_borders
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_borders_dialog_first_time
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_brightness
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_cancel
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_circle
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_close
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_colorfix
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_colorsplash_eraser
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_colorsplash_free
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_colorsplash_smart
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_confirm
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_contrast
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_crash_toast_text
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_crop
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_custom
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_delete
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_download
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_draw
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_edit_bottom_text
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_edit_top_text
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_edit_your_photo
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_effect_loading_message
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_effects
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_effects_beginning_of_list
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_effects_end_of_list
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_effects_error_loading_pack
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_effects_error_loading_packs
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_effects_error_update_editor
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_effects_error_update_editors
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_effects_error_update_multiple
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_effects_error_update_pack
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_effects_error_update_packs
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_effects_unknown_error
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_effects_unknown_errors
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_enhance
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_enter_text_here
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_error_download_image_message
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_error_saving_aviary_folder
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_error_saving_image
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_featured
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_feedback
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_feedback_dialog_message
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_filter_pack_updated
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_flip
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_generic_error_title
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_get_more
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_hidef
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_illuminate
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_image_saved_in
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_infoscreen_bottom_button
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_infoscreen_text
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_item_not_found
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_keep_editing
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_loading_image
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_loading_title
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_meme
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_menu_reset
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_message_button_no
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_message_button_yes
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_message_text
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_message_title
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_mirror
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_new_effects
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_original
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_plugin_error_corrupted
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_plugin_error_download
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_plugin_error_storage_not_available
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_plugin_filter_undefined_name
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_rectangle
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_red_eye
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_remove
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_revert_dialog_message
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_revert_dialog_title
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_rotate
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_saturation
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_save
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_save_progress
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_send_feedback
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_shapes
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_share
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_sharpen
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_square
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_sticker_delete_message
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_sticker_name
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_sticker_pack_updated_1
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_sticker_pack_updated_2
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_sticker_pack_updated_3
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_stickers
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_stickers_dialog_first_time
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_text
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_tool
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_tool_colorsplash
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_tool_leave_question
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_tool_name
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_tool_temperature
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_tool_tiltshift
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_try_again
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_update
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_version
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_view_file
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_whiten
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_yes_leave
magic.yuyong.R$string: int feather_zoom_mode
magic.yuyong.R$string: int filter_name
magic.yuyong.R$string: int img_content_description
magic.yuyong.R$string: int label_at_me
magic.yuyong.R$string: int label_bilateral
magic.yuyong.R$string: int label_comment
magic.yuyong.R$string: int label_favourit
magic.yuyong.R$string: int label_follower
magic.yuyong.R$string: int label_following
magic.yuyong.R$string: int label_home
magic.yuyong.R$string: int label_my
magic.yuyong.R$string: int label_repost
magic.yuyong.R$string: int label_weibo
magic.yuyong.R$string: int menu_premium
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_also_comment
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_also_repost
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_clean_cache_success
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_comment_hint
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_copy_success
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_del_img
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_del_twitter
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_del_twitter_fail
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_del_twitter_success
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_fav_cancel_succeed
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_fav_succeed
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_feedback_topic
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_follow
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_follow_fail
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_follow_succeed
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_leave_get_more
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_load_more
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_loading
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_login_out_success
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_network_exception
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_new_comment
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_new_follower
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_new_mention_status
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_no_data
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_nomore_data
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_pic_save_faild
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_pic_save_success
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_pic_size_incorrect
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_pic_to_big
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_post_faild
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_post_hint
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_post_success
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_pull_up
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_request_error
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_save_twitter
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_save_twitter_fail
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_save_twitter_success
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_search_hint
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_search_no_data
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_search_prompt
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_source
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_sure_to_clean
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_sure_to_eixt
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_sure_to_logout
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_sure_to_save_pic
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_token_expired
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_trial_dialog
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_unfollow
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_unfollow_fail
magic.yuyong.R$string: int text_unfollow_succeed
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_about
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_channels
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_clean
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_comment
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_comment_me
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_del_img
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_del_twitter
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_exit
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_feedback_question
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_follow
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_friends
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_get_friends
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_help
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_my_feedback
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_new_post
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_notification
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_prepare_pic
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_profile
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_reply_comment
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_repost
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_save_pic
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_save_twitter
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_search
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_setting
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_show_pic
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_show_twitter
magic.yuyong.R$string: int title_unfollow
magic.yuyong.R$string: int umeng_common_action_cancel
magic.yuyong.R$string: int umeng_common_action_continue
magic.yuyong.R$string: int umeng_common_action_info_exist
magic.yuyong.R$string: int umeng_common_action_pause
magic.yuyong.R$string: int umeng_common_download_failed
magic.yuyong.R$string: int umeng_common_download_notification_prefix
magic.yuyong.R$string: int umeng_common_info_interrupt
magic.yuyong.R$string: int umeng_common_network_break_alert
magic.yuyong.R$string: int version
magic.yuyong.R$style: int ActionBar_Solid_Magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$style: int ActionBar_Transparent_Magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$style: int ActionBarTabStyle_Magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$style: int ActionButton_CloseMode_Magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$style: int Animation_Magic
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryAnimations
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryAnimations_AviaryToast
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryBaseTheme
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryBaseTheme_Dialog
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryDialog
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryDialog_Divider
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryDialog_Feedback
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryDialog_Feedback_Text
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryDialog_MainLayout
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryGraphics
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_CropHighlightView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_GalleryBottomLine
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_GalleryTopIndicator
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_GalleryTopIndicator_Inverse
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_PluginDividerText
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_PreviewFill
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_PreviewSpot
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_StickerHighlightView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryGraphics_TextHighlightView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Inverted
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Inverted_Large
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Inverted_Medium
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Inverted_Small
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Large
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Medium
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Small
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryTextAppearance_Small_NoSelected
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryTheme
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryTheme_Dialog_Custom
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_AdjustImageView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_AviaryGallery
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_AviarySeekBar
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_AviaryWheel
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem_Container
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem_Crop
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem_Crop_HighlightImageView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem_Crop_TextView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem_Crop_TextView_Custom
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem_Divider
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryItem_HighlightImageView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryTopIndicatorView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_GalleryTopIndicatorView_Inverse
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_HorizontalScrollView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_Logo
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_Logo_Container
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_Logo_Image
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_OptionPanel
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_OptionPanelContainer
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_OptionPanelContainer_BorderLess
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_Tool
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_Tool_FeedBack
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_BottomBar_ViewFlipper
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_Button
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_Button_Meme
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_Button_NavButton
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_Button_NavButton_Apply
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_Button_Secondary
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_Button_Secondary_Toggle
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_CropImageView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EdgeEffect
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_Divider
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_Divider_Left
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_DividerContainer
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_DividerContainer_Left
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_HiddenSelector
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_Layout
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_Layout_External
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_PacksDivider
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectThumb_Text
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_EffectsHorizontalScrollView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HiddenText
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HiddenText_TextTool
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_Clear
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_Lens
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Center
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Center_Enhance
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Enhance
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Left
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Left_Adjust
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Left_Enhance
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Left_Focus
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Left_TiltShift
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Right
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Right_Adjust
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Right_Enhance
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Right_Focus
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_Right_TiltShift
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_OptionPanelButton_Toggle_TiltShift
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_HighlightImageView_Tool
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_CellLayoutEffects
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_CellLayoutStickers
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_Container
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_DownloadButton
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_Icon
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_Main
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_ShadowBottom
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_ShadowTop
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_Text
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_Text_Description
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_Text_Title
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_TopGrid
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_Workspace
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_IAPDialog_WorkspaceIndicator
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_ModalToastLoader
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_ModalToastLoader_MainView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_NavBar
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_NavBar_Divider
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_NavBar_Main
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_PreviewSpot
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_StickerImageView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_SymbolMinus
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_SymbolPlus
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_TextImageView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_TextView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_TextView_NavTitle
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_TextView_Tool
magic.yuyong.R$style: int AviaryWidget_TiltShiftView
magic.yuyong.R$style: int DropDownListView_Magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$style: int DropDownNav_Magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$style: int PopupMenu_Magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$style: int ProgressBar_Magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$style: int Theme_CustomDialog
magic.yuyong.R$style: int Theme_Magic_style
magic.yuyong.R$style: int Theme_Magic_style_Widget
magic.yuyong.R$style: int ThumbnailPic
magic.yuyong.R$style: int about
magic.yuyong.R$style: int app_name
magic.yuyong.R$style: int button_body
magic.yuyong.R$style: int headbar
magic.yuyong.R$style: int magic_dialog
magic.yuyong.R$style: int progressbar
magic.yuyong.R$style: int start
magic.yuyong.R$style: int title
magic.yuyong.R$style: int version
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AsyncImageView
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AsyncImageView_defaultSrc
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AsyncImageView_inDensity
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AsyncImageView_url
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryAdjustImageView
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_android_padding
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_animationDuration
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_animationDuration2
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_color1
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_enable3d
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_freeRotate
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_handle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_strokeColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_strokeColor2
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_strokeWidth
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryAdjustImageView_aviary_strokeWidth2
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryCellLayout
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_cellBottomPadding
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_cellEndPadding
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_cellStartPadding
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_cellTopPadding
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_cells
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_horizontalPadding
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_layout_direction
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_rows
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCellLayout_aviary_verticalPadding
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryCropHighlightView
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_android_src
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_color1
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_color2
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_strokeColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_strokeColor2
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_strokeColor3
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_strokeColor4
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_strokeWidth
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCropHighlightView_aviary_strokeWidth2
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryCropImageView
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCropImageView_aviary_highlightStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryCropImageView_aviary_minCropSize
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryDrawableHighlightView
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_android_background
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_android_padding
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_aviary_deleteDrawable
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_aviary_minSize
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_aviary_moveEnabled
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_aviary_resizeEdgeMode
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_aviary_resizeEnabled
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_aviary_rotateDrawable
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryDrawableHighlightView_aviary_rotateEnabled
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryEdgeEffect
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryEdgeEffect_aviary_blendMode
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryEdgeEffect_aviary_edgeColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryEdgeEffect_aviary_edgeDrawable
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryEdgeEffect_aviary_glowDrawable
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryEffectThumbLayout
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryEffectThumbLayout_aviary_animationDuration
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryGallery
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryGallery_android_animationDuration
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryGalleryIndicatorView
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryIndicatorView_aviary_drawableStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryGalleryTopIndicator
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_android_minHeight
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_android_shadowColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_android_shadowDy
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_aviary_color1
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_aviary_direction
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_aviary_indicatorSize
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_aviary_offsety
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_aviary_strokeColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_aviary_strokeColor2
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryGalleryTopIndicator_aviary_strokeWidth
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryHighlightImageButton
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_blendMode
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_checked
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_glowMode
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_glowSize
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_highlightColorChecked
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_highlightColorPressed
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_highlightColorSelected
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_highlightMode
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_toggleable
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryHighlightImageButton_aviary_untoggleable
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryImageViewDrawableOverlay
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryImageViewDrawableOverlay_aviary_highlightStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryPluginDividerDrawable
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPluginDividerDrawable_android_textColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPluginDividerDrawable_aviary_strokeColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPluginDividerDrawable_aviary_strokeWidth
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPluginDividerDrawable_aviary_textPerc
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPluginDividerDrawable_aviary_typeface
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryPreviewFillDrawable
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewFillDrawable_aviary_radius
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewFillDrawable_aviary_strokeColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewFillDrawable_aviary_strokeWidth
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_bg_color1
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_bg_color2
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_color1
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_color2
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_color3
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_color4
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_glowSize
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_highlightColorChecked
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_strokeColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryPreviewSpotDrawable_aviary_strokeWidth
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviarySeekBar
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviarySeekBar_aviarySeekBarSecondary
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviarySeekBar_aviarySeekBarSecondaryCenter
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviarySeekBar_aviarySeekBarSecondaryInverted
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviarySeekBar_aviarySeekBarThumb
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviarySeekBar_aviarySeekBarThumbOffset
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryTextView
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTextView_aviary_typeface
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryTiltShiftImageView
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviaryCrosshair_enabled
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviaryWave_animationDuration
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviaryWave_innerRadius
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviaryWave_outerRadius
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviaryWave_pointDrawable
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_animationDuration
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_crosshair_edge
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_crosshair_radius
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_crosshair_strokeWidth
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_shape_defaultsize
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_shape_maxsize
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_shape_minsize
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_strokeColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_strokeColor2
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_strokeWidth
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryTiltShiftImageView_aviary_timeout
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryWheel
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryWheel_aviaryWheelIndicator
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryWheel_aviaryWheelLine
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryWheel_aviaryWheelShadowTop
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryWheel_aviary_edgeStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryWorkspace
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryWorkspace_aviary_defaultScreen
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryWorkspace_aviary_overscroll
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] AviaryWorkspaceIndicator
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int AviaryWorkspaceIndicator_aviary_indicatorId
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] CirclePageIndicator
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int CirclePageIndicator_android_background
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int CirclePageIndicator_android_orientation
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int CirclePageIndicator_centered
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int CirclePageIndicator_fillColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int CirclePageIndicator_pageColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int CirclePageIndicator_radius
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int CirclePageIndicator_snap
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int CirclePageIndicator_strokeColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int CirclePageIndicator_strokeWidth
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] LinePageIndicator
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int LinePageIndicator_android_background
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int LinePageIndicator_centered
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int LinePageIndicator_gapWidth
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int LinePageIndicator_lineWidth
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int LinePageIndicator_selectedColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int LinePageIndicator_strokeWidth
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int LinePageIndicator_unselectedColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] Theme
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryAdjustDividerWeight
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryAdjustImageViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryAdjustItemWeight
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleCenterButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryAdjustOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBackgroundColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarHeight
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarHorizontalViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarLogoContainerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarLogoImageStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarOptionPanelContainerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarOptionPanelContainerStyleNoMargin
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarOptionPanelStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarToolFeedBackStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarToolImageStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarToolStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarToolTextStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryBottomBarViewFlipperStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryColorSplashOptionPanelToggleButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryColorSplashOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryColorSplashOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryCropHighlightStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryCropImageViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryCustomDialogButtonSecondaryStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryCustomDialogButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryDefaultTextStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEdgeEffectDefaultStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbDividerLeftContainerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbDividerLeftStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbDividerRightContainerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbDividerRightStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbDividerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbDividerTextStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbHiddenSelector
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbLayoutExternalStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbLayoutStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectThumbTextStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEffectsHorizontalViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEnhanceItemWeight
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEnhanceOptionPanelToggleCenterButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEnhanceOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryEnhanceOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFeedbackDialogDividerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFeedbackDialogStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFeedbackDialogTextMessageStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFeedbackDialogTextVersionStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFocusOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFocusOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFontLight
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryFontRegular
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryBottomIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryItemContainerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryItemCropImageViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryItemCropTextCustomStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryItemCropTextNormalStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryItemDividerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryItemHighlightImageStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryGalleryTopIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryHiddenEditTextStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryHiddenEditTextStyleMultiline
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryHighlightImageButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogContainerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogDownloadButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogGridBackground
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogGridTopStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogHeightWeight
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogIcon
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogMainLayout
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogMarginTopWeight
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogShadowBottom
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogShadowTop
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogTextStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogTitleStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogWidthWeight
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogWorkspaceIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryIAPDialogWorkspaceStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlaySticker
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlayStickerHighlightStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlayText
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryImageViewDrawableOverlayTextHighlightStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryLensViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryLoaderToastStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryMainImagePadding
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryMemeButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryMemeClearButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryNavBarHeight
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryNavBarStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryNavButtonApplyStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryNavButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryNavDividerStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryNavTitleStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelBottomIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelBottomLineStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelDefaultButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelToggleButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelToggleCenterButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelToggleLeftButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelToggleRightButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryOptionPanelTopIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryPanelDisabledStatusBackground
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryPreviewFillDrawableStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryPreviewSpotDrawableStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryPreviewSpotViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryPrimaryButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarActionBar
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarActionBarHeight
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarActionBarWidth
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarLarge
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarLargeInverse
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarMedium
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarMediumInverse
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarSmall
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryProgressBarSmallInverse
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviarySecondaryButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviarySeekBarStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviarySplashDividerWeight
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviarySplashItemWeight
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviarySymbolMinusStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviarySymbolPlusStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryTiltShiftViewStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryToastExitAnimation
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryToggleButtonStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_aviaryWheelStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearance
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceInverted
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceLarge
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceLargeInverted
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceMedium
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceMediumInverted
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceSmall
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceSmallInverted
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int Theme_textAppearanceSmallNoSelection
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] TitlePageIndicator
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TitlePageIndicator_android_background
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TitlePageIndicator_android_textColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TitlePageIndicator_android_textSize
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TitlePageIndicator_clipPadding
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TitlePageIndicator_footerColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TitlePageIndicator_footerIndicatorHeight
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TitlePageIndicator_footerIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TitlePageIndicator_footerIndicatorUnderlinePadding
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TitlePageIndicator_footerLineHeight
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TitlePageIndicator_footerPadding
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TitlePageIndicator_linePosition
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TitlePageIndicator_selectedBold
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TitlePageIndicator_selectedColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TitlePageIndicator_titlePadding
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TitlePageIndicator_topPadding
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] TwitterContent
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TwitterContent_textColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TwitterContent_textGap
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int TwitterContent_textSize
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] UnderlinePageIndicator
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int UnderlinePageIndicator_android_background
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int UnderlinePageIndicator_fadeDelay
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int UnderlinePageIndicator_fadeLength
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int UnderlinePageIndicator_fades
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int UnderlinePageIndicator_selectedColor
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int[] ViewPagerIndicator
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int ViewPagerIndicator_vpiCirclePageIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int ViewPagerIndicator_vpiIconPageIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int ViewPagerIndicator_vpiLinePageIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int ViewPagerIndicator_vpiTabPageIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int ViewPagerIndicator_vpiTitlePageIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.R$styleable: int ViewPagerIndicator_vpiUnderlinePageIndicatorStyle
magic.yuyong.activity.AboutActivity
magic.yuyong.activity.AboutActivity: AboutActivity()
magic.yuyong.activity.BaseActivity: BaseActivity()
magic.yuyong.activity.CacheBoardActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
magic.yuyong.activity.ChannelActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
magic.yuyong.activity.GetFriendsActivity
magic.yuyong.activity.GetFriendsActivity: GetFriendsActivity()
magic.yuyong.activity.GetTwitterActivity: GetTwitterActivity()
magic.yuyong.activity.MainActivity
magic.yuyong.activity.MainActivity: MainActivity()
magic.yuyong.activity.MainActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
magic.yuyong.activity.NewPostActivity
magic.yuyong.activity.NewPostActivity: NewPostActivity()
magic.yuyong.activity.NewPostActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
magic.yuyong.activity.NewPostActivity$3
magic.yuyong.activity.NewPostActivity$6
magic.yuyong.activity.PreparePicActivity
magic.yuyong.activity.PreparePicActivity: PreparePicActivity()
magic.yuyong.activity.PreparePicActivity$1
magic.yuyong.activity.PreparePicActivity$2
magic.yuyong.activity.PreparePicActivity$3
magic.yuyong.activity.PreparePicActivity$4
magic.yuyong.activity.ProfileActivity
magic.yuyong.activity.ProfileActivity: ProfileActivity()
magic.yuyong.activity.ProfileActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
magic.yuyong.activity.SettingActivity
magic.yuyong.activity.SettingActivity: SettingActivity()
magic.yuyong.activity.SettingActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
magic.yuyong.activity.ShowFriendsActivity
magic.yuyong.activity.ShowFriendsActivity: ShowFriendsActivity()
magic.yuyong.activity.ShowFriendsActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
magic.yuyong.activity.ShowGif
magic.yuyong.activity.ShowGif: ShowGif()
magic.yuyong.activity.ShowGif$2
magic.yuyong.activity.ShowPic
magic.yuyong.activity.ShowPic: ShowPic()
magic.yuyong.activity.ShowPic$4
magic.yuyong.activity.ShowPic$SlipThread
magic.yuyong.activity.TimeLineModeActivity
magic.yuyong.activity.TimeLineModeActivity: TimeLineModeActivity()
magic.yuyong.activity.TwitterBoardActivity
magic.yuyong.activity.TwitterBoardActivity: TwitterBoardActivity()
magic.yuyong.activity.TwitterBoardActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
magic.yuyong.activity.TwitterShowActivity
magic.yuyong.activity.TwitterShowActivity: TwitterShowActivity()
magic.yuyong.activity.TwitterShowActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
magic.yuyong.app.GDApplication: GDApplication()
magic.yuyong.app.MagicApplication
magic.yuyong.app.MagicApplication: MagicApplication()
magic.yuyong.gif.GifDecoder
magic.yuyong.gif.GifView
magic.yuyong.gif.GifView: GifView(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.gif.GifView: GifView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.gif.GifView: GifView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.gif.GifView: void setGifDecoderImage(byte[])
magic.yuyong.gif.GifView: void setGifDecoderImage(java.io.InputStream)
magic.yuyong.gif.GifView: void setAsBackground(android.view.View)
magic.yuyong.gif.GifView: void setGifImage(byte[])
magic.yuyong.gif.GifView: void setGifImage(java.io.InputStream)
magic.yuyong.gif.GifView: void setGifImage(int)
magic.yuyong.gif.GifView: void setGifImageType(magic.yuyong.gif.GifView$GifImageType)
magic.yuyong.gif.GifView$DrawThread
magic.yuyong.gif.GifView$GifImageType: magic.yuyong.gif.GifView$GifImageType[] values()
magic.yuyong.gif.GifView$GifImageType: magic.yuyong.gif.GifView$GifImageType valueOf(java.lang.String)
magic.yuyong.image.ImageLoader$ImageFetcher
magic.yuyong.model.Twitter
magic.yuyong.model.Twitter: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
magic.yuyong.model.User
magic.yuyong.model.User: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
magic.yuyong.service.MagicReceiver
magic.yuyong.service.MagicReceiver: MagicReceiver()
magic.yuyong.service.NotificationService
magic.yuyong.service.NotificationService: NotificationService()
magic.yuyong.service.NotificationService$1
magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView
magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView: AsyncImageView(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView: AsyncImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView: AsyncImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView: void setPaused(boolean)
magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView: void setInDensity(int)
magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView: void setOptions(android.graphics.BitmapFactory$Options)
magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView: void setOnImageViewLoadListener(magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView$OnImageViewLoadListener)
magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView: void setUrl(java.lang.String)
magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView: void setDefaultImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView: void setDefaultImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView: void setDefaultImageResource(int)
magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView: void setImageProcessor(magic.yuyong.image.ImageProcessor)
magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView$SavedState
magic.yuyong.view.AsyncImageView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
magic.yuyong.view.Avatar
magic.yuyong.view.Avatar: Avatar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.Avatar: Avatar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.Avatar: Avatar(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.Avatar: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
magic.yuyong.view.DashedLineView
magic.yuyong.view.DashedLineView: DashedLineView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.DeskView
magic.yuyong.view.DeskView: void setOnItemClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
magic.yuyong.view.DeskView: magic.yuyong.view.DeskView$OnDeskChangeListener getOnDeskChangeListener()
magic.yuyong.view.DeskView: int getCurrent_desk_num()
magic.yuyong.view.DeskView: void setOnDeskChangeListener(magic.yuyong.view.DeskView$OnDeskChangeListener)
magic.yuyong.view.DeskView: DeskView(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.DeskView: DeskView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.DeskView: DeskView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.DeskView: int getDeskNum()
magic.yuyong.view.DivideView
magic.yuyong.view.DivideView: DivideView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.DivideView: DivideView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.DivideView: DivideView(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.DivideView$1
magic.yuyong.view.FaceView
magic.yuyong.view.FaceView: FaceView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.FaceView: FaceView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.FaceView: FaceView(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.FaceView: void setTagView(android.widget.EditText)
magic.yuyong.view.FlipBoard
magic.yuyong.view.FlipBoard: void setOnFlipListener(magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoard$OnFlipListener)
magic.yuyong.view.FlipBoard: FlipBoard(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.FlipBoard: FlipBoard(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.FlipBoard: FlipBoard(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.FlipBoard: void setData(java.util.List)
magic.yuyong.view.FlipBoard: android.graphics.Rect getFlipViewRect()
magic.yuyong.view.FlipBoard: int getRandomTileWidth()
magic.yuyong.view.FlipBoard$2
magic.yuyong.view.FlipBoard$GetBitmap
magic.yuyong.view.FlipBoardBg
magic.yuyong.view.FlipBoardBg: FlipBoardBg(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.FlipBoardBg: FlipBoardBg(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.FlipBoardBg: FlipBoardBg(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.FlipBoardBg: void setBg(int)
magic.yuyong.view.IndicatorView
magic.yuyong.view.IndicatorView: IndicatorView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.IndicatorView: IndicatorView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.IndicatorView: IndicatorView(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.LeftSlideView
magic.yuyong.view.LeftSlideView: void setListener(magic.yuyong.view.LeftSlideView$Listener)
magic.yuyong.view.LeftSlideView: LeftSlideView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.LeftSlideView: LeftSlideView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.LeftSlideView: LeftSlideView(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.LeftSlideView: void setMaxSlideDistance(int)
magic.yuyong.view.LeftSlideView: void setGesture(boolean)
magic.yuyong.view.MagicLinear
magic.yuyong.view.MagicLinear: MagicLinear(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.MagicLinear: MagicLinear(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.RefreshView
magic.yuyong.view.RefreshView: void setListener(magic.yuyong.view.RefreshView$Listener)
magic.yuyong.view.RefreshView: RefreshView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.RefreshView: RefreshView(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.RotateView
magic.yuyong.view.ScaleImageView
magic.yuyong.view.ScaleImageView: android.graphics.Bitmap getBitmap()
magic.yuyong.view.ScaleImageView: ScaleImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.ScaleImageView: ScaleImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.ScaleImageView: ScaleImageView(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.ScaleImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
magic.yuyong.view.TileTextView
magic.yuyong.view.TileTextView: TileTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.TileTextView: TileTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.TileTextView: TileTextView(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.TileTextView: void setText(java.lang.String)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: TitlePageIndicator(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: TitlePageIndicator(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: TitlePageIndicator(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: int getFooterColor()
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setFooterColor(int)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: float getFooterLineHeight()
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setFooterLineHeight(float)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: float getFooterIndicatorHeight()
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setFooterIndicatorHeight(float)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: float getFooterIndicatorPadding()
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setFooterIndicatorPadding(float)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator$IndicatorStyle getFooterIndicatorStyle()
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setFooterIndicatorStyle(magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator$IndicatorStyle)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator$LinePosition getLinePosition()
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setLinePosition(magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator$LinePosition)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: int getSelectedColor()
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setSelectedColor(int)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setSelectedBold(boolean)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: int getTextColor()
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setTextColor(int)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: float getTextSize()
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setTextSize(float)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: float getTitlePadding()
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setTitlePadding(float)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: float getTopPadding()
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setTopPadding(float)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: float getClipPadding()
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setClipPadding(float)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: android.graphics.Typeface getTypeface()
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setViewPager(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setOnCenterItemClickListener(magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator$OnCenterItemClickListener)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setCurrentItem(int)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator$IndicatorStyle: magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator$IndicatorStyle[] values()
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator$IndicatorStyle: magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator$IndicatorStyle valueOf(java.lang.String)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator$LinePosition: magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator$LinePosition[] values()
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator$LinePosition: magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator$LinePosition valueOf(java.lang.String)
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator$SavedState
magic.yuyong.view.TitlePageIndicator$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoard
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoard: int getTwittersCount()
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoard: magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoard$BoundaryListener getBoundaryListener()
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoard: void setBoundaryListener(magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoard$BoundaryListener)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoard: void setOnFlipListener(magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoard$OnFlipListener)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoard: TwitterBoard(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoard: TwitterBoard(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoard: TwitterBoard(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoard: void setScrollView(magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoardScrollView)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoardScrollView
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoardScrollView: TwitterBoardScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoardScrollView: TwitterBoardScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoardScrollView: TwitterBoardScrollView(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoardScrollView: magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoardScrollView$TwitterBoardScrollListener getTwitterBoardScrollListener()
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoardScrollView: void setTwitterBoardScrollListener(magic.yuyong.view.TwitterBoardScrollView$TwitterBoardScrollListener)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterContent
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterContent: void setAction(boolean)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterContent: TwitterContent(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterContent: TwitterContent(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterContent: void setData(java.lang.String)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterImageView
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterImageView: TwitterImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterImageView: TwitterImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterImageView: TwitterImageView(android.content.Context)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterImageView$HandlerBitmap
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterListView
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterListView: TwitterListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterListView: TwitterListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
magic.yuyong.view.TwitterListView: TwitterListView(android.content.Context)
